(ENTER ARCHEOLOGIST 1 & 2)
ARCHEOLOGIST 1: Dr. Jones, looks like we’ve found an ancient Viking burial site, from the Ballhalla clan.
ARCHEOLOGIST 2: This must be the site of Ragnacock… when they all lost they dicks.
ARCHEOLOGIST 1: It appears that all of the Vikings are trapped in the scissors formation characteristic of the traditional Norse “Fuck Pile.” Except for this one over here all by himself, burnt to a crisp. I wonder what could have happened…
ARCHEOLOGIST 2 (hand to chin): Yes, I wonder…
ARCHEOLOGIST 1 & 2: Doodle ee doo… doodle ee doo… (transition to flashback)
(EXEUNT ARCHEOLOGIST 1 & 2. Vikings come to life, BALLHALLANS 1 & 2 are scissoring while all 3 are cheering and hollering.)
PAUL: BALLHALLANS! As the prophecy has foretold, when the golden star rises in the south, Ragnacock is upon us! And look, behold!
(Enter PAUL or JASON wearing a Timbers jersey & scarf with a sign with a gold star on it that reads “2015 MLS Champions”.)
PAUL: So what enemies shall we battle on this glorious day of Ragnacock?
BALLHALLAN 1: Stroki! Today we face the Bloc Rockers on the field of kickball battle! And what the fuck is a Ragnacock?
BALLHALLAN 2: It’s the end of Ballhalla, the day when we lose all our dicks! Before this day, we have been omnipotent, but after today… we shall be impotent!
PAUL: Onto the longboat, and we shall – ahem - “race the boat” (All BALLHALLANS open a can or gesture with water bottles) East to fight our Russian foes!
(Some sort of weird sailing sight gag, then they land next to a couple BLOC ROCKERS next to the BLOC ROCKER.)
PAUL: I expected an army! What the fuck is this shit! This is fucking stupid! In Ballhalla, when we want to do a taunt, like we’ve been saying for weeks now, we show you a generic stereotype about your team, and then make fun of that stereotype, so I’m gonna have to take my pants off—
(ENTER CHRIS HANSEN)
CHRIS HANSEN: No, you should keep those on, Stroki. Hi, I’m Chris Hansen, and you’re on To Catch a Pillager.
(sets down a folding chair)
CHRIS HANSEN: Why don’t you have a seat for me?
PAUL (sits): What the fuck is this shit? This is fucking stupid! I don’t understand, I swear I’ve never done this before, this is all a big misunderstanding—
CHRIS HANSEN: No, that is the problem Stroki. You have done this exact taunt before, and we have it on video. Just go to Facebook, and you’ll see this is at least the 4th or 5th time you’ve done it. You walk in, you say “What the fuck is this shit? This is fucking stupid! This is how Vikings do it…”
PAUL: But the Hell Razors do the same taunt every week as well! You know, a weak skit entirely supporting a parody song…
CHRIS HANSEN: Yeah, they do do that, but they’re funny, and they have props. But you’re right, that’s shitty and repetitive too. So give me your script.
PAUL: I don’t wanna.
CHRIS HANSEN: Give me the script!
PAUL: No, I don’t wanna!
CHRIS HANSEN: No, Stroki, you have to stop abusing the trope. This taunt formula is so old that it belongs in a museum. 
ARCHEOLOGIST 1 and/or 2 YELL FROM OFF STAGE: IT BELONGS IN A MUSEUM!
CHRIS HANSEN: And now we’re gonna lay it, and you, to rest.
PAUL: Well, can I go out like a Viking?
CHRIS HANSEN: You mean, you want to get lit on fire in a boat? 
PAUL: Yes… 
CHRIS HANSEN: Okay, just Ballhobble on over there then.
(Paul limps over to the boat.)
CHRIS HANSEN: You promise you’ll never do this taunt again?
PAUL: Yeah, I promise!
CHRIS HANSEN: And you want to go out like a Viking?
PAUL: Yeah! A big, scary Viking!
CHRIS HANSEN: Then it’s time to be cleansed in the fires… of RAGNACOCK! (ALL IN BACKGROUND START AIR GUITARING WHILE YELLING METAL JUNT JUNT JUNTS and chanting “Ragnacock! Ride the cock!” in metal voice. Chris Hansen pours out some Fireball over PAUL. Then he lights a match and throws it at him. Flame fx using the flame props.)
CHRIS HANSEN: Ballhallans! We now lay this shitty taunt idea to rest! And now, you shall join us, as everyone must partake in the fires of Ragnacock!
(Metal shit continues. Hand out shots of Fireball to everyone.) 

(SCENE: Large wrestling ring. Announcers off to the side.)
ANNOUNCER 2:  For the thousands in attendance, for the millions around the world watching this on Facebook, ladies and gentlemen, the World Wide West Coast Kickball Wrestling League proudly presents our 30th main event, a tag team, whip-it cream, possibly drag queen match, pin ‘em to win royal rumble. So…
ANNOUCERS 1 & 2: LEEEEEEET’S GET READY TO RUMBLE!
(lots of smoke and fan fair. A group “sings” the “Ya’ll ready for this” wrestling song: https://youtu.be/VOvDTCbcHe0?t=17s )
ANNOUNCER 1: Well, let’s start this off! Our first contestant for WWWKWLXXX is coming down the ramp now, standing in at six foot nothing in heels, the dopest pope that ever doped, coming off a four year steroids ban, it’s… Pope Purkey!  He’s got a direct line to god, but must have done something to offend him because our kickball games keep getting rained out!
(POPE PURKEY gets in the ring to much fanfare, a group of folks sing “all righty then” behind him: https://youtu.be/WhI_SDEvJ-4?t=14s   He goes to his corner and acts all dopey popey)
POPE PURKEY (acting authentically nice): Thank you, thank you, I just hope everybody has a good time tonight and has a lot of fun.
ANNOUNCER 2: Yeah, what’s up with this weather? At this rate, we’re gonna be playing the 2017 season on an ark!
ANNOUNCER 1: Round up all the furries!
ANNOUNCER 2: Oh no, coming down the ramp now, we have our second contestant.  She’s sure to NOT be the crowd’s favorite.  Weighing in at 110lbs, with 20 lbs of stick up her ass, It’s craaazy neighbor lady and her herd of cats!  Let’s me hear you make a whole lot of noise for the lady who considers this public park HER yard.
(CRAZY NEIGHBOR LADY comes in to much crazy fanfare and Singing. She gets to her corner and acts crazy)
All singing: Crazy Neighbor Lady, Crazy Neighbor Lady, Crazy Neighbor Lady, Crazy Neighbor Lady… put your tents down.
CNL: That’s right, there’s not any tents allowed, there’s not any amplification allowed, there’s not any booze allowed, there’s not any smoking allowed, there’s not any fun allowed. Not tonight! Not in my yard!
ANNOUNCER 2 (eating a sandwich and talking with his mouth full): She’s a real delight to be around.
ANNOUNCER 1:  Well, look at these sad sacks of shit.  Looks like these two have to play three quarters of an entire kick ball season in less than 3 weeks.  It’s the dudes with pubes on their cubes, the pube dudes with a bunch of noobs, it TKO’s… Miles and Durst!
(MILES and DURST come in with umbrellas and pillows to very tired fanfare. They go to their corner and take a nap)
DURST: Man, I forgot how exhausting kickball was.
MILES: Yeah, the only way this season could be more tiring is if we weren’t getting carried through every game by all our rookies.
ANNOUNCER 2: And here comes the gruesome twosome that you wanna do some. It’s the sexational, inspirational, exceptional, intellectual polish pounder, the lady with the iron meat curtains, the lovers from soviet mothers…
(Cyril and Agata come in to much sexy fanfare. They get to their corner and make out.)
ANNOUNCER 2: Oh hot damn! 
ANNOUNCER 1: Yes it’s Axl Hammer and Sickle Slash.
REFEREE: Okay, this is a royal rumble, once you’ve been pinned for a three count, you’re out, last team standing takes home the belt. (hold up belt) I want a good fight, not a clean fight. Now that we’re ready… Leeeeeet’s actually rumble!
ANNOUNCER 1: And they’re off, it looks like the lovers from Soviet mothers are busy sucking face, but TKO is too busy counting sheep to get any action either--
ANNOUNCER 2: --TKO can’t get any action? What else is new? AYOOOOOOO. It looks like it’s CNL and the pope to start us off.
FIGHT 1
DURING FIGHTS: ANNOUNCERS generally are reacting – wincing, “OH SHIT!” “That’s gotta hurt!” &c.
POPE offers his hand to CRAZY NEIGHBOR LADY, CNL kicks him in the dick. POPE falls to his knees, gets punched in the face and falls down. CNL does a boo hiss victory lap.
CNL: Down with fun! Up with early bedtimes!
Comes up behind the POPE, chokes him out. POPE breaks free and does the ultimate fighting move (blow to the stomach to break the head lock, then a punch to the face, then a hit to the groin, then a punch to the face then a hit to the groin etc). POPE pins CNL while Ref pounds the count on the mat. She rolls out.
REF: She’s down for the count! Congratulations on beating up an old lady, and that isn’t creepy or weird at all!
POPE begins to pray.
POPE: Our father Hiram, who art in Texas, shallow be his game… deliver us this day our daily brisket, and forgive us our thread deleting. And lead us not into getting super-butthurt, but deliver us from boring taunts….
FIGHT 2
TKO wakes up and watches the action.
MILES: Art thou bored? SNAP INTO A SLIM JIM! (Throws Slim Jims to audience)
Once the POPE prays TKO double clothesline the POPE.  POPE falls to the ground and TKO kicks the POPE as he tries to crawl away. POPE sits up, his hat knocked off, MILES drags him by the hair to a corner, where they punch him in the face three times.
DURST: Somebody call the Cardinals! ‘Cuz when we’re done, it’s gonna be time for a new… PAPAL CONCLAVE.
POPE is then thrown into the middle of the ring, MILES sits on the POPE’s face, DURST sits on his crotch, they pin him while the ref pounds the count on the mat.
REF: And heeeee’s out! 
MILES: OH, YEAHHHHH!
FIGHT 3
CYRIL and AGATA stop making out for like 3 seconds and see what’s going on. They both kick MILES and DURST off of the POPE.
MILES: OH, NO!
They both slap the shit out of them in opposite corners.  AGATA swings around MILES, CYRIL swings around DIRST, and DURST and MILES collide in the middle of the ring. CYRIL and AGATA do the Hamish hammer finishing move.  They win.
CYRIL: Huh, in America, your wrestlers tell you to snap into a slim jim (throws slim jims out to the crowd).  In Russia, you suck on my fat borris.  (big old pickle joke) 

(SCENE: opens with a generic WKL person walking around looking at their phone. Bloc Rocker comes up to them.)
Russian Trainer: Hello Comrade of the WKL.  We have heard of game that is sweeping the world, Pokemon Go.  We hear is very popular. Well in Russia, we have much better game called Poke-a-Witch Go. Or Witchey-mon Go. Or Baba Yaga, No! Name is not important
Player: Um, that sounds… fun? Do you have to catch the witches?
Trainer: No, individual ownership is crime against the proletariat. You have to burn the witches, burn them all.
Player: (Looking at phone). I’m not seeing it on the app store?
Trainer: Is not available on capitalist pig Steve Jobs app store. You must go to the people’s app store. Here, give me phone. (Takes phone and taps around). There, now we just need to wait in queue for our turn to download.
Hands phone back to player. Long pause.
Player: OK, so I have the app running.  I’ve made a witch burner, and now it’s thinking… thinking… okay! Wait, no… thinking… here we go!
(A matt hasting appears.)
Trainer: This is a Hasting Witch, don’t worry is very basic.
Player: Okay, so, how do I neutralize a basic witch?
Enter scientist
Scientist:  Actually, neutralizing a basic witch is very easy - <basic scientific explanation of acid blah blah>
Exit scientist
Player: Okay, so…?
Trainer:  So now you just throw penta-balls at him until he burns. They’re made of vinyl records. Basic Witches are suckers for anything on vinyl.
Player throws pentaball at Hastings. Hastings spins and screams.
Player:  Burn witch! Get out the way, get out the way witch, get out the way! 
Russian Prop Person: CHEMICAL BURN!
Player: That was awesome, but now I’m out of Pentaballs?  What do I do?
Trainer: Well, look at map, see blue beacon? Is Pentastop, we walk there-
Both walk over to Honey Bucket
Trainer: Okay, now you spin icon, get pentaballs and other treats.
Player: Easy enough. 
Player spins the porta potty sign, out comes penta balls and a big poop
Player: Cool I got pentaballs and this big brown squishy egg thing, and it smells-
Trainer:  Like shit? 
Player: (Disgusted) Yes…
Trainer: Is shit.
Prop Person: Shitty BURN!
Player:  Awww gross!  (looks at phone) Okay, let’s go find some witches. (they walk over to the sand pit) Goddamnit, this game sucks, there aren’t any basic witches anywhere.  What is it, slightly drizzling out or something?
Trainer: Well, you should use a lure. 
Player: How do I get a lure?
Trainer: Just give me credit card… Actually, never mind, you’re logged in with Google, I already have it.  Here’s your lure. (pulls PBR out of pocket) Just set down this PBR, some basic witches are sure to appear.
Player: (sets down PBR and waves hands over it) Calling all the basic witches, calling all the basic witches.  This just in… you’re basic.
(Scottyzar and Mammachu appear)
Trainer: Look! Is Scottyzar and Mammachu
Scottyzar: I quit the league! I quit my job! I quit! I quit!
Mammachu: Not the Mamma!  Not the mamma!
Trainer: How do I neutralize these two?
Russian: I think you need to use something they both want. Try spawning the spawn.
(Player does something on phone, in walks Fergie with Hamish in a dress)
MammaChu: Cute baby!  Cute baby!
Scottyzar:  Woah, whose daughter is that? She’s fierce
Trainer: Quick! While they’re distracted-
(Player throws penta balls at the two, they come out of records labeled something from our first taunt, both Scottyzar and Mamachu are disabled)
Fergie: I think I’m going to become a Satanist, just for the hell of it.
Prop Person: Dad Joke Burn!
Player: Hey look over there, it’s like a big boss, in some sort of tower, what is that?
Trainer: Oh, is the old timey Jim.  There won’t be any basic witches there. They’re just not on his level any more.
(3 people wander around looking at their phones)
Player: (Pointing at phone people). Look at all those ass holes just looking at their phones.
Trainer: Yes, this game is more popular than Jasmin at biker bar.  Because, you know, she’s really fun to hang out with, at bars.  And she sometimes hangs out with people who ride motorcycles. And motorcycles are fun.
Player: Okay, so are there any legendary witches here?
Trainer: No, they all basic. 

(SCENE: BLOC ROCKER is on stage, under a sheet hiding a pile of books.)
Two Breeders stagger in, frustrated and in pain.
BREEDER 1 (wincing in pain): Oh my god, I’m so sore.
BREEDER 2 (eating chocolate): I’m so bloated. I can’t even get out of this suit. I’m just gonna lay down like this for the rest of the week.
BREEDER 1: It isn’t just us, the entire team is being taken down by this red menace.  McCarthy was right, there are communists everywhere, and they’re taking us out one by one.
BREEDER 2: I know, first we lost Commie Mike… I mean, obviously we were gonna lose Commie Mike, he’s a goddamn commie.
BREEDER 1: Then we lost the scarlet letter. Not surprising, she really loves red and red is kind of the whole communist thing.
BREEDER 2: But then we lost Luke, I think he drove his electric trike off a cliff in a fit of red rage.
BREEDER 1: Yeah, but he was such a cock potato, he’d always get mashed at games and during taunts he’d just be fried.  Hell, I think he was just a little bit tattered.
BREEDER 2: Cock potoato? Because he forces us to recite his terrible puns?
BREEDER 1: No, I  mean, he’s a dick-tater.
BREEDER 2: A dick-tater? I thought he was a spud-dick.
BREEDER 1: Goddamnit his terrible puns have infected us all faster than pokemon go.
Enter BREEDER 3. Looking okay.
BREEDER 3: Hey guys, what’s wrong?
BREEDER 2:  Our vaginas are weeping and we can’t stop making terrible puns…
BREEDER 3: Wait, is Aunt Flow visiting you too?
BREEDER 1: Yeah, it’s shark week and this entire league is afraid to get in the water if you know what I mean.
BREEDER 2: Megashark vs giant flow-topus over here.
BREEDER 1: We’ll be redder than a Stark wedding!
BREEDER 2: Bloodier than the elevator shaft in the Shining!
BREEDER 3: Surfing the Crimson Wave?
BREEDER 1: Red Tide!
BREEDER 2: Riding the cotton pony.
BREEDER 3: Have we all fallen to the communists?
BREEDER 1: Yes. It is that time of the month.
(ENTER AGATA, in Marie Antoinette outfit)
AGATA: Oh, I just LOVE period pieces!
(EXIT AGATA)
BREEDER 2: Well, the bleeding’s fine but I am sick of being closed for maintenance!
BREEDER 3: Yeah, if I don’t get laid we’ll be Bleeding Rainbow. We need to solve this, and FAST.
(ENTER BLOC ROCKER LIBRARIAN. LIBRARIAN pulls table cloth off of BLOC ROCKER to reveal a shelf of books.)
LIBRARIAN: You know, whenever I can’t get laid, I just find a good fantasy… uh, novel.
BREEDER 3: That’s right! Just take a look, it’s in a book! Let’s read some clit-erature!
LIBRARIAN: Why not try something from our sexist re-education section? For instance, we have Flolita, Red Dawn, and the Cunnalingus Manifesto over here.
(BRODSKY laughs from audience. “IS FUNNY RUSSIAN JOKE!”)
BREEDER 1: Ooh, the Hunt For Red Cocktober! Das Cock and Balls!
BREEDER 2: Oh wow, look at these great movies! Das Booty and The Battleship Poon-Tempting!
BREEDER 3: A Red River Runs Through It, and Where The Red Pad Goes.
LIBRARIAN: Let me recommend a personal favorite… Menstrual Farm! This book teaches that “red wings good, no wings bad”. So really, all of you must band together and realize that a dick-tater isn’t the way to go. You might all feel a little bloated and crampy right now but you can relish in the solidarity that you all have red wings and those red wings will help you rise up and fly higher than a triple rainbow. 

(Enter Fergie:   )
FERGIE (singing):
When you bleed I can fly
With these red wings I’ll touch the sky
Plow through the red tide every night and day.
Even if you say no… wait I learned that that is NOT okay.

We can cuddle if you’re sore
Or I can go in through the back door
Think of me as your meat tampon,
And let me spread your meat cur-tons
Then we can go out for a steak
‘Cuz you’ll need to up your iron intake
ALL:
When you bleed we will fly
Digging deep into your bloody thighs.
Thanks to you our crotches look tie dyed.
We can pleasure your bloody vee
And please don’t worry we got new sheets

Hand out Cris’ tampon jello shots.
FIN

(Enter LEIF & JONATHAN)
LEIF:		Oh wow, I can’t believe we beat the shit out of TKO AND Baewatch!
JONATHAN:	Oh shit wrong script! (swap scripts)
LEIF:		Hey, sooooo we’re running really late to the Festival of Losers.
JONATHAN:	Yeah, sometimes I get really bummed about playing in the Festival of Losers EVERY YEAR but I just love the WKL soooo much!
(Walk up to scoreboard with SOFT TACO PENIS QUIET and COMPLICATED CHRISTIANS signs)
LEIF:	Some joker swapped out our placard just like on the taunt trophy! “Soft Taco Penis Quiet,” huh.
JONATHAN:	That’s weird… Hey, it’s the witches over there. Are you ready for the Festival of Losers?
SARAH:	“Festival of Losers?” What’s that? It’s Championship Day – get ready tacos, because you’re playing our team—the Complicated Christians—in the first game! 
JASMINE:	Why would you celebrate losers? Kickball is serious business!
SARAH:	The bottom two teams are relegated to go play in Overcat, this junior league where they sing songs and drink beer and act like a bunch of children.
JASMINE:	Yeah, it’s disgusting!
LEIF (pulls JONATHAN aside):	Did you hear what they just said? We’re playing in Championship day! Do you know what that means?
JONATHAN:	YES! Obviously, we’re trapped in some Bizarro world mirror universe where everything is the opposite of our world!
ALL:	DUN DUN DUN!
LEIF (To CHRISTIANS):	Hey! So we’ve never been to Championship day. What are the rules?
SARAH:	Well, it’s just like the rules for every other kickball game.
JONATHAN:	Yeah… so… what are the rules to kickball, again?
JASMINE:	Well, it’s complicated, like the love of Christ. 
SARAH:	Yeah, you should probably go to TKO for that. 
LEIF:		Oh! So The Kickball Order is here?
JASMINE:	No, The Kickball Originals! They’ve been in the league forever – some say they invented the sport of kickball itself! Amen.
(Team travels to the Kickball Originals.)
SARAH and JASMINE:	May the Lord be with you.
(EXIT SARAH and JASMINE)
(Kickball Original with cane)
TKO: 		Welcome young bucks! Welcome to the bizarro world! Oh no, Oh no.
JONATHAN:	Wait, do you know who we are?
TKO:		Oh no. Oh no.
LEIF:		Don’t you mean “OH YEAH”?
TKO: 	Oh no. But you are not the first WKL team to come in my realm. The last one was Amathong. I’m afraid they never made it back.
(Find Paul in crowd. We point to the actual Paul in the crowd. )
JONATHAN:	Wait, is that Paul? Do you have a Balhalla here? We have one of those in our world!
TKO:	Yeah, I know, some things are the same in both universes.
LEIF:	I guess the opposite of zero… is still zero.
JONATHAN:	So how do we get back you our world?
TKO:	Even I do not know, but Neutered and Shorn will be your guide. He can take you to the most wretched hive of scum and villainy in Fremont… the Hostile Hostel.
(NEUTERED AND SHORN leads them to HOSTILE HOSTEL. GNO is walking out, carrying Awesome Prop.)
GNO:		Hey guys, I’m going to bed… you know, Bro’s Night Alone. I’m just tired from our amazing taunt full of super-awesome props.
(Enter Hostile Hostel.)
(Enter LUKE.)
LEIF:		Hey, it’s Luke! Aren’t you glad this place isn’t the Dubliner anymore?
LUKE: 		Huh?
LEIF: 		You know, since you got 86’ed for pouring your outside beer into their inside can?
LUKE: 	Beer? Never touch the stuff. Clean and healthy living for this guy – I’m definitely gonna live past 40. How else are you going to be the best kickball sports team of all time?! This is a milk and cookie bar. The lines are so great here – you can wait in them for hours.
(Waitress comes out with Oreo cookie jello shots for the audience.)
JONATHAN:	Oh, you get to stand in line for a really long time and then you get meager rations? Oh, it’s just like Mother Russia!
LUKE: 		Oh fiddlesticks, it’s almost 6:30, we’ve got to get going soon!
LEIF: 		Why? Is it last call?
LUKE: 	No, it’s time for everyone to go to bed! Except for Heidi and Andrea, those crazy party animals who are always up all night!
(Enter DANNY)
DANNY:		Hey guys, you left before we won!
JONATHAN: 	Wait what?
DANNY: 	Our team! Soft Taco Penis Quiet! We just beat the Heaven’s Ravers for the kickball championship!
JONATHAN: 	Danny Cifaldi? You’re on our team?
DANNY: 	No, I’m Dani Nelson! Leif’s gay lover! From the South! Of course I’m on your team, I’m so super-loyal I would never leave your team! Especially not to join a team with TICE TICE OLD MAN or BUTTERFINGERS EMORY or DUBS.
(LEIF and DANNY MAKE OUT, TONGUE WOULD REALLY SELL IT).
LEIF: 		I could stay here forever!
(ENTER BOO-LEEN with sign that says “COOL-LEEN”)
BOO-LEEN: 	Alright, Curfew Crew! It’s time to go to bed!
JONATHAN: 	What, Coolz? Why would you say that?
BOO-LEEN: 	What, who’s “Coolz”? I’m BOO-LEEN! (flips sign to “BOO-LEEN”) I’m the Commissioner’s enforcer! I’m here to say boo on drinking, boo on fun, boo on each and every one! Because kickball is serious business!
LEIF: 		Wait, but fun is the most important part of kickball!
MEAN-A (off stage): 	DID SOMEONE SAY FUN?!?
BOO-LEEN: 	Oh, you’ve done it now. Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit.
(ENTER COMMISSIONER MEAN-A. EVERYONE in the bar but LUKE runs away.)
MEAN-A: 	There will be none of the fun while I’m in charge! No hugging allowed!
LUKE: 		Run! It’s the commissioner!
LEIF:		Tina’s the commissioner?
LUKE: 		That’s not Tina! That’s Mean-a! The meanest commissioner of all! 
JONATHAN:	Wait, I know exactly how to stop Mean-a! Our Tina loves karaoke more than anything! It’s in her DNA, and I should know because I’m a scientist!
LEIF: 		Yeah, I brought my Magic Mike double XL with me! That’ll do it!
(Leif pulls out giant microphone)
(MEAN-A rips it out of his hands and rips it in half.)
MEAN-A: 	I! HATE! KARAOKE!
LEIF & JONATHAN & LUKE:	NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
JONATHAN:	We’re doomed!
LEIF: 	Wait, wait! I know exactly what’ll stop Tina! We need ripped abs! Who will have really ripped abs in this bizarro world?
JONATHAN:	Fergie! We need Bizarro Fergie!
(Enter JACOB)
JACOB:		Do you mean me? I’m Jergie!
LEIF: 		We need you to take off your shirt!
JACOB: 		I’m not really into that. I would really like it if you all stopped objectifying me.
JONATHAN: 	But you need to! For the good of the league!
(JACOB takes off his shirt.)
MEAN-A: 	Noooo I can’t handle such amazing abs! The horror! The horror! I’m melting! I’m melting!
(JONATHAN & LEIF start clicking their heels)
JONATHAN & LEIF: 	There’s no place like BF Day! There’s no place like BF Day! Razors, Rainbows, and Rockers! Oh my! Razors, Rainbows, and Rockers! Oh my! SMOKE!
(JONATHAN & LEIF pick up a blanket while people hold pillows or something and then wake up from a dream maybe with other members of team as themselves.)
JACOB:	Hey guys, you’ve gotta wake up. It’s actually championship day, and beyond all logic and reason you have to both play games and taunt. (Checks watch.) Actually, you’ve already lost the game. But you still have to finish this taunt.
LEIF:	Oh wow, I just had the craziest dream and (points to JONATHAN) you were there and (points to JACOB’S abs one by one) you were there and you were there and you were there…
JONATHAN:	Wait, is this really our world? Jacob, who’s commissioner of the WKL?
JACOB:	Purkey!
(LEIF & JONATHAN shrug.)
LEIF:	Eh, good enough.
(Exit JACOB. Rest of the Block Rockers all rush in.)
FERGIE:		Hey, where’ve you guys been? It’s almost the end of the taunt!
JONATHAN:	Shit! How’re we gonna end this?
LEIF:	End with a song?
EVERYONE:	Yeah!

Wise men say
Only fools bunt in
But I can’t help
Falling in love with the WKL

Take my liver
Take my whole summer too
For I can’t help falling in love with you
(Reveal WKL = <3 Jell-O Shot sign)

(Three nerds sit at a table playing a nerd game stage right. When they play out the game it’s acted out by Divas on stage left. )

NERD MASTER: 	Well, excellent my intrepid warriors, you exit the arena after an awesome display of fierce action.  You round a corner and BAM you confront a pack of Dire-Paparazzi.  Roll for initiative?
NERD 1: 	I summon an entourage, a group of douche bags surround them to block us from their invasive gaze! (rolls dice)
NERD 2: 	I use my trusty iron heel and lash out at the nearest photographer smashing his camera! (rolls dice) YES!
NERD MASTER:	Your entourage only surrounds one reporter with a tape recorder but all the photographers are taking pics of the fight and MORE PHOTOGRAPHERS are headed THIS WAY! Quick Divas, escape to the waiting limousine!
NERD 1: 	Is there booze and druge in said limousine?
NERD MASTER: 	Of course!
NERD 1:	I want to party like it’s 1999
NERD MASTER:	Well, give me a roll! Roll a D20
NERD 1:	More like roll double deez nuts!
MAMA-DONNA:	 Boys! Boys I’m coming down the stairs now! I’ve got rice crispy treats and pootie tang!
NERD MASTER: 	mom, mom, MOMMA-DONNA!   We’re BUSY down here, JEEEZE!
MAMA-DONNA:	Boys, its fine, I don’t care what you’re doing down there, remember, I’m like a virgin too!  Now what are you guys playing down here? The Hearthstone, magic or Dungeons and Dragons?
NERD 2: 	Dungeons and Dragons? Pffhhhh… mom, what do you think this is 1975? No, we’re playing the new DND game Divas n Divas!
NERD MASTER:	Yeah Mom, it’s super cool, you wouldn’t understand it! You play the DIVAS from across all known time and space to do super cool stuff with babes n stuff!
NERD 2	Yeah, babes and stuff!
NERD 1:	Yeah, stuff. He, he, he. (nerd laughter ensues and gets real snorty and donkey like, think Revenge of the Nerds)
NERD MADONNA:	Well, can I play?
NERDS 1+2:	YEAH!
NERD MASTER:	Oh geeze. (rolls eyes)  Ok Pick a PH-Diva to play. 
NERD MADONNA:	OK, this one sucks, this one is dead, you already have a bard so there no reason to play this one.. oh I want to play Andy Whoreballs!
<Enter SAM>
NERD MADONNA:	oh yeah, he’s got high intelligence, super high sexual charisma, and a huge donger.  I’ll pick him.  But I want him to look different..
NERD 1:	Well you can change his appearance any way you want!
NERD MADONNA:	Ok, these pants are great, but I want shorter shorts (she rips off sams pants to reveal short shorts)  Awesome! Now how do we slay the dragon?
NERD MASTER:	Jeeeeeeze Mom! We don’t slay dragons, we soak up the limelight and use it’s power to become watered down versions of our predecessors.
NERD 1:	But KISS uses weapons, and so does Rammstein, she could totally have a sick ass sword!
NERD MASTER:	NO WAY!  Those bands use props, not real swords!
NERD 2:	But it’s make believe, she can do whatever she wants!
NERD MASTER:	NO WAY! 
NERDS 1+2: 	YES WAY!
NERD MASTER:	NERD FIGHT!
(Nerd fight ensues. Enter LEMMY from Motorhead)
LEMMY:	Break it up, break it up. Looks like we’ve found another case for Judge Gaga, the Diva’s judge, I’m your bailiff Lemmy from motorhead, and this is Gaga court.
(Enter JUDGE GAGA)
JUDGE GAGA:	Nerds. Dorks. Poindexters, goobers, and dweebs.  Today we hear the case about some dorks who have a problem. Let’s hear the case.
NERD MASTER:	Your honor, my mother wants to play DnD, and wants to play Andy Whoreballs with a giant sword-
NERD 1:	Well it doesn’t have to be –
GAGA:		Wait, wait, wait.  You’re nerds, right?  Like magic missiles and trek yourself? 
NERD MASTER:	Well, yeah.  But we’re totally different from those teams, cause… uh… cause we’re nerds.
GAGA: 		Silence goober- Seems like we’ve uncovered a more important case here.  SERIAL PLAGARISM!
NERD MASTER: 	No no, you see, we’re not the same as those teams because we do a poppy parody song in every taunt!  They only did parody songs, like once and a while.
GAGA:		Can you deny that you used a micro taunt formula that culminated in an AC/DC parody song for your championship taunt, USING	THE EXACT SONG FRENCH CONNECTION USED?
NERD 2: 	uh, imitation is the sincerest form of flattery?  
GAGA:		I SAID SILENCE. This case is far beyond the reach of myself, the peoples judge, I’ll have to pass this on to the Queen-
FREDDY MERCURY:  	Nope- too rich for my blood, this one has to go to God.
(Enter ALANIS MORISSETTE)
NERD MASTER:	Oh wow, god IS a woman
NERD 1:	And it’s Alanis Morissette, like in that Kevin smith movie, “Dogma.”
NERD 2:	Kevin Smith was right all along!
ALANIS: 	Nerds, Mama-dona. Allow me to teach you a lesson by using a song I adapted to suit this special situation
Ironic Lyrics:
An old idea turned ninety-eight
you worked it into a taunt, now isn’t it great
It's a pop fly in to your third base
It's a parody song, and a dance routine that’s safe
Weren't they iconic, don't you think
[Chorus—]
It's like rain on opening day
It's a lame joke you took from tv
It's the same old taunt
That’s been done all the time, but you win, so it figures
Mr. Kevin Tice was afraid to try
He packed his cooler and kissed his kids goodbye
He waited his whole damn life to taunt that night
And as the jokes crashed down he thought
"Well, at least my name is Tice."
And isn't it all ironic, don't you think


(SCENE OPENS: Fergie is standing on stage, alone.)
LEIF:		
FERGIE:	DIVAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSS! We regulate any stealing of our trophies / And we damn fabulous too / But you can't be any nerd from the 206, / Gotta be handy with stiletto heels if you know what I mean, to earn your keep! / Divas! mount up!
(DIVAS walk up to tent and knock on door. LEIF has fuzzy handcuffs on and a burlap sack on his head and is jerkin’ it into a sock.)
LEIF:		I’ll be right there!
(LEIF zips up pants and pulls burlap sack off and still has handcuffs on one wrist)
LEIF:		Hey guys, you’re early for taunt planning?
FERGIE:	No, we’re on time for torture.
LEIF:		Torture?
FERGIE:	Torture!
LEIF:		Uh, me?
FERGIE:	Yeah, you.
(SOMEONE grabs the burlap sack and puts it on LEIF’S head then shoves him back into his chair then takes it off again while FERGIE pulls out his phone and calls Dani. When the phone starts ringing, he walks around the front of the office showing her photo and name on his phone while it rings. One of the DIVAs is aggressively eating Nerds throughout the entire taunt.)
FERGIE:	DANI! Nerds better have my trophy! If you don’t hand over the taunt trophy right now we’re going to take your precious lover and commit a series of horrific acts.
DANI:		…….
FERGIE:	That’s right! NERD TORTURE!
LEIF:		No, not nerd torture! Wait, why should I care about that? I’m a diva, not a nerd!
DIVA 1:	But you’re a nerd by common law marriage!
LEIF:		You’re right! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO THAT’S TERRIBLE
DIVA 2:	Leif, you’ve seen the trailer for The Last Jedi, right? Well, I just read the screenplay and Luke is Rey’s father… and mother!
LEIF:		NOOOOOOOOOO THAT’S IMPOSSIBLE
DIVA 11:	Spoiler alert (walks by with spoiler)
DIVA 2:	That’s right! It’s just like the hit 1994 Arnold Schwarzenegger film Junior!
LEIF:		No, that’s… rather implausible?
(DIVA 1 pulls out Star Wars action figure.)
FERGIE:	Diva 1 has an original 1977 Kenner Star Wars action toy… in the ORIGINAL BLISTER PACK.
LEIF:		Not original edition misprint Chewbacca with the blond hair!
FERGIE:	It’d be a shame if someone… opened it.
(DIVA 1 & 2 pull package and throws it into the audience.)
LEIF:		No! Think of the resale value!
EVERYONE:	Nerds better have my trophy trophy trophy trophy
(DIVAS 3 AND 4 pull out conspicuously giant feathers and start tickling Leif)
LEIF:		Guys. I said last night NO FUCKING TICKLING. Laughs uncontrollably hahaha no stop, hahaha don’t 
FERGIE:	Hear those screams, Dani? I’m fingerblasting his special places!
EVERYONE:		Nerds better have my trophy trophy trophy
(DIVAS 5 AND 6 step up with a laptop and a phone)
DIVA 5:		We just installed Windows Millennium Edition on your laptop! (shows off laptop screen to audience)
LEIF:			No, how could you? That’s where I keep my porn!
DIVA 6:		Well if you miss Windows 10 so bad… here’s a Windows phone! (throws him a phone)
LEIF:			No! My other porn!
EVERYONE:		Nerds better have my trophy trophy trophy
FERGIE:	What, Dani? You think this is a fucking JOKE? Let me show you the PUNCH line!
(Divas line up and do the punch line)
SONG NUMBER:
EVERYONE:	Nerds better have my trophy!
DIVA 7:	<beat> All your taunts are belong to us
EVERYONE:	Nerds better have my trophy!
DIVA 8:	<beat> All our farts smell better than yours
EVERYONEN:	Nerds better have my trophy!
DIVA 9:	<beat> All your taunts are making me queasy
EVERYONE:	Nerds better have my trophy!
DIVA 10:	<beat> Ending in song is way too easy! 
EVERYONE:	Nerds better have my trophy! (barbershop quartet-style)
			Jazz hands! (do jazz hands)
			Scene!
(END)

(COLD OPEN with song)
(MUSIC CUE: “Under the sea”)
EVERYONE:		Sex in the sea
			Sex in the sea
			Darling it’s better
			Down where it’s wetter
			You’ll take it from me!
			Up on the shore they jerk all day
			Out in the sun they ‘bate away
			While we devotin’
			Full time to bonin’
			Sex in the sea!
JACQUES COUSTEAU:	Hello, and welcome to this week’s episode of “Sex in the Sea!” Let’s dive right into the wettest depths this week and talk about the reproductive habits of the merfolk.
(ENTER TWO MERMEN AND A MERMAID)
COUSTEAU:	Mermaids take many sexual partners. So when a mermaid likes one or more mermen very much, which leads to foreplay…
(MERFOLK MAKEOUTS)
COUSTEAU:	And then, when she reaches the peak of her arousal, like any other fish the mermaid then drops her clutch of eggs.
(MERMAID drops a six pack of eggs on theground.)
COUSTEAU:	And then, the mermen, with their fish bottom halves, bring themselves to orgasm and inseminate the eggs, while the mermaid wanders off to find more partners.
MERMAN 1:	Hold on, we don’t even have dicks!
MERMAID:	Wait what? This sucks!
MERMAN 2:	No, wait! I swear I had one somewhere!
(EXIT MERFOLK)
COUSTEAU:	And now we move on to the most germ-ridden, scurviest, hiccup-having, bottom-feeders of the ocean… I speak of course, of the pirate. Here we see two pirates meeting on a moonlit night… on the poop deck.
(ENTER PIRATES – they both have beards – maybe one of the beards is a merkin. Or both.)
PIRATE 1:	Blackbeard, I’ve got to warn you – I’ve got the crabs down there.
PIRATE 2:	No worries, redbeard, I’ve got lobsters meself.
PIRATE 1:	Oof! You stink! How much rum have you had today?
PIRATE 2: 	I’ve been drinking just as much as something something sam ali’s boat. 
Pirate 1: 	We’re getting really lazy with these jokes!
Pirate 2: 	Yes we yarrr!
BUNCH O’ PIRATES:	YARRRRRRRR YARR YARR YARR
Pirate 1:	Ok, hold me hook I’m going in!
PIRATE 2:	No, peg me! And make sure you watch out for splinters!
PIRATE 1:	Oof, sorry, after all that rum today, I’m stuff at half-mast.
PIRATE 2: 	Come on, it’s like you’re pushing rope!
COUSTEAU:	Unfortunately, due to their excessive drinking behavior, pirate sex often just ends in frustration, sadness, and even more drinking.
(EXIT PIRATES)
COUSTEAU:	And now we move on to the octopus, the diva of the sea.
(ENTER URSULA and ANOTHER OCTOPUS)
COUSTEAU:	So as we can see here, the octopus has one tentacle longer than the rest, the “mating arm.”
URSULA:	Ooh, hey there, big fellow, I like the look of your semen wand!
COUSTEAU:	Because of its extraordinary size and prehensile flexibility, the octopus may have the most amazing sex in the entire animal kingdom!
OCTOPUS:	Let me gaze into your eyes… with my dick arm!
URSULA:	Why don’t you take that thing and shove it in my earhole to deposit your sperm! YES YES YES SCRAMBLE MY BRAINS WITH YOUR DICK ARM!
(COUSTEAU unveils anatomic diagram)
COUSTEAU:	No seriously, folks, that’s exactly how it works! He sticks that dick right in her ear and comes in it!		
OCTOPUS:	(orgasms, then leaves)
JACQUES COUSTEAU:	But sometimes, the female may have buyer’s remorse and remove the semen later.
(URSULA palms / removes sperm packet from her ear and throws it into the crowd)
(MUSIC CUE: National Geographic theme)
(SIGN: “NATIONAL PORNOGRAPHIC”)
(END)

DIVAs walk onto BF Day Playfield. On the Bleachers side of the fence, Ballshank Redemption (BSR) stands, chained together. DIVAs taunt BSR with a stick on the fence, mugs, rattling the fence, and warm up kicking kickballs against the fence at BSR. DIVAs say “Mean Taunty Things” 
Diva 1:  “…You know what they say, “Once you kill a cow you gotta make a burger.”
Diva 2:  Trust is like a mirror. You can fix it if it’s broke…
Diva 1: …But you can still the crack in that mother fuckers reflection
Diva 3:  Beer bottles clicking together: “Ballshank, come out and plaaaaay!”
 Diva 1:  “I don’t know what prison recess is called, but you guys should come play now.”

As sung to Sam Cooke’s “Chain Gang”
Stage directions: As BSR come out from behind the fence and get to home plate. They must line up at home plate to kick but they are all tied together, awkwardly, in a chain gang. 
BSR grunts:
(Hooh aah) (hooh aah) NORMAL BUT SLIGHTLY ANNOYED SOUNDS
(Hooh aah) (hooh aah) NORMAL BUT SLIGHTLY ANNOYED SOUNDS
Stage directions: IVA is pitching. As BSR try to kick ball at home plate. 
DIVA sings:
That's the sound of Ballshank playing on the chain ga-a-ang
That's the sound of Ballshank playing on chain gang
All game long they're fowling'

Stage directions: DIVA is pitching as BSR try to kick ball at home plate. 
BSR grunts: 
(Hooh aah) (hooh aah) HURTY SOUNDS
(Hooh aah) (hooh aah) HURTY SOUNDS

DIVA sings:
That's the sound of Ballshank tryina kick a kick ba-aa-alll
That's the sound of Ballshank tryina get to first base 

Prison Guard: “Is this a double entendre?" 

Stage directions: BSR so clumsy going up 1st base line tied together.
BSR grunts:
 (Hooh aah) (hooh aah) HURTY SOUNDS
(Hooh aah) (hooh aah) HURTY SOUNDStage directions: BSR trip and fall into 1st base and start oral sexin’ each other and, eventually, the DIVAs .
DIVA sings:
All day long they blow so hard
Yeah they’re all goin’ down
Trippin’ balls out on BF Day, wearing orange on the pitcher’s mound 
Prison Guard: “Is this another double entendre?”

That's the sound of Ballshank working on my nut saaa-aack 
That's the sound of Ballshank licking us from front to back.
Can’t you hear them slurpin’

Everyone grunts!:
(Hooh aah) (hooh aah) SEXY SOUNDS
(Hooh aah) (hooh aah) SEXY SOUNDS

DIVA sings:
That’s the sound of DIVAs joining in the Daaai-sy Chaaaa-aaiiin
That’s the sound of DIVA in the Daisy Chain…Gang Bang

Prison Guard: “Now that’s what I call a conjugal visit!!! Nudge, nudge, wink, wink, scene.

GOD 1:		Yeah, I specifically remember 8 teams this year.
GOD 2:		Wasn’t there another one?
GOD 3:		No, I distinctly remember not remembering there being a 9th team.
GOD 2:		No there’s another team using a bananagram or what’s the word?
GOD 1:		What am I, Diction-Ares the god of wa-ords?
GOD 2:		Acronym! There was an acronym team!
GOD 3:		No, wasn’t that a really amazing team last year?
GOD 2:		That was DIVA, this one is MIB!
GOD 1:		Making Incest Beautiful? Us again! Right, brother?
GOD 3:		No wait, isn’t there a song? DJ Shades, hit it!
(Music: “Message in a Bottle”)
GOD 2:		No, that’s not it! Play the other one!
(Music: ‘I’m a B I’m a B”)
GOD 1:		Something about a third one
(Music: MIA – Paper Planes)
GOD 3:		No, that’s MIA!
GOD 2:		They’re doing a reboot it’s just one letter off
GOD 1:		Clearly we don’t have a fucking clue what’s going on here let’s go spy on the Earth people and figure this ish out
(Gods part the legs I mean clouds)
GOD 2:		Oh look, there’s a cute alien family! Earth has become so much more diverse and inclusive since the last time I was there!
ALIEN 1:	wow life sure is great here on earth so glad I could escape the persecution of the orbital ion cannon run by a fanatical religious sect—
(MUSIC: “Here come the men in black”
ALIENS:	AWWWW, SHIT!!!
MEN IN BLACK break the door down and drag the family in different directions and beat them senseless with baseball bats)
(MUSIC: “Galaxy defenders!”)
GOD 3:		I must say these MIBs seem quite rude oh there’s another cute alien family over there
ALIEN 2:	wow life on Terra is totally fabulous, so glad I wasn't killed by the tungsten kinetic penetrator satellite network run by my totalitarian government—
(MUSIC: “Galaxy defenders” (actually it picks up wherever it left off)



 (END)

(Tice Dani and Some Newbi from their team, dressed in Hell Razor attire-)
Tice: Well Pledge, you’ve been in the league for 6 weeks, played 4 games, bunted only twice, and were able to harmonize on key for our witches taunt.  I think you’re ready to get jumped into the gang.
Newbie: Oh, no, I mean, I’m down for being part of a shitty razor scooter gang, you know like sons of anarchy without the Hamlet metaphors, good looking actors, and shittier writing, but I got keep my face pretty.  That’s hows I makes my money.
Dani: Oh no, we’re not going to hurt you.  We’re waaaay too hipster yuppies for that.  We’re talking –
Dani and Tice together: MAAAKE OVERS!!!!!!!!  
Tice: Yeah gurl, let’s go get our hair did!  Look, there’s a barbershop- let’s try go there and 
Dani: Get
Tice: Prettied
Dani and Tice: UP! Jazz hads! (both do jazz hands)
Newbie:  that was pretty anti climactic.  But, hell, I look like a pile of wet dog vomit covered in hair, so let’s do it.
(quick drop cloth reveal, there’s Leif dressed as David Bowie from solstice sharpening a knife, four or five pussy rioter are standing behind him, they start humming the barber of Seville overture )
Leif: Oh, well hello, uh, what are you guys, like the leather guy from the village people?  
Tice: No, we’re a hardcore razor scooter kickball team!
Leif: that is literally the weakest thing I have ever heard.
Dani: Well, we’re good at taunts and kickball and scooting, RAZOR STYLE.  And we want to get styled up, razorly.  
Leif: well, you (points to the newbie) come, sit down in my chair.  It’s to die for.
Newbie-  (sits down) oh, this is nice, just a little off the top please.
Leif: Little off the top, HOW ABOUT ALL OFF THE TOP! (cuts their throat)  Next- you BABY FACE.
Tice:  That’s me, Tice Tice baby!  You do Brazilian’s right?  I’m a god damn mess down there, it’s denser than the amazon.  (turns to Leif, drops trow)     see it looks like a button in a sea of spiders.
Leif: I think I can do some thing- (brings up a knife, Tice screams, leif pulls out a wiener sausage, takes a bite) Mmmm, meaty.
Dani: Well, this is going horribly.  I think I’ll leave
Leif: Oh, that’s what you do, isn’t it?  You leave a good thing when it get rough huh.  (Crosses to block her)  No, you sit right down.  (dani sits) Hmmm, (starts putting his hands all over her face) I think, I think you need something…
Dani: Like a pearl neckless?  A Columbian bow tie?
Leif: No, no no.  You need something else. (grabs a big jug labeled ACID) How about a FACIAL?!? (dumps the acid on her head.  Dani screams, puts her hands to her face and smashes a bunch of hamburger meat onto her face)
Dani: No, no my face! 
Fergs: Comes from behind the singers) That’s right- YOU JUST GOT PUNKED!  

(Heidi enters eating a cake pop and throws them away repeatedly throughout the skit. Her butler continues to replace the cake pops without her having to ask. This is the power and privilege that comes with a cake pop kingdom. She enters into a room with at least two jocks in it. One holding a mirror.)

Heidi: 		It is I, Heidi DeVille! Mirror, mirror on the wall…Who’s got the biggest/baddest furkin of them all?

Mirror: 		(slurred) Baaaaalls of Furrrrrgie.

Heidi: 	What the crap? My merkin NOT the most divine in all the land? Minions! Get me the finest fur from the most disgusting furries in the land! With their hides I will make the most glorious merkin- uh furkin.


(Jocks exit and return with a bunch of furries roped together)
(one furry is wearing the accommodator) 
Singer walks through the scene wasting time while we get the furry group put together


Singer: 	“Heidi DeVil, Heidi DeVil, if she doesn’t scare you, no evil thing will…”

Minions enter with furries tied in rope

Minions: 	We’ve brought you a bunch of perverted disgusting furries. 

Heidi: 		This is fur-gettable at best. These smell like pot-fur-ri. And this one has a dick for a chin 
Well, I’m famished, minions! Bring me a to-fur-key fur-itto, and get me my baby seal to-fur-ky eating gloves.  Eating animals is disgusting, wearing them once or twice is the way to go. 

Heidi DeVil exits dramatically
 
Furry 1: 	Holy shit, Nelly Furtado, what are we going to do?

Furry 2: 	There is only one thing we can do. To escape, we must harness the REAL balls of Furry.

Furry 1: 	Nelly, if we don’t make it out alive, I want you to know one thing… 

Furry 2: 	You hush your mouth. <puts finger over furry 1 mouth singing> I’m like a bird, we can always fly 			away-

Furry1: 	But you’re not a bird you’re a ____________(depends on costume), 
		We gotta get out of this cage! I know, Red rocket!

All Furries: 	RED ROCKET- RED ROCKET!


(All the furies start vigorously masturbating, and Bloc rocker opens to reveal Fergie with a big old set of balls)


Fergie: 	Ahhhh… what worthless piece of meat dares to call me from MY ETERNAL SLUMBER?

Furry 2: 	We did, oh master Fergie!  
 
Furry 1: 	We’ve been captured by Heidi DeVil! She’s going to shave off our taints to make a huge merkin.

Fergie: 	Fur-reals? FUR-get about it. 

Furry 2: 	Help us Fergie Won Kenobi, your balls are our only hope!  Help us get out of here!

Fergie: 	All right you numb nuts, just step out of the fucking rope. Jeeezus you’re all fucking DUMB.  It’s the world’s smallest rope for Christ’s sake.  Now, for penance, each of you must rub my balls.  Muhahahahaha 

ALL Furries: 	Balls of Fergie! Balls of Fergie!

Fergie:		Yes, yes! Worship my nether region! Rub them until they are smooth. Salivate for your salvation. 		
ALL Furries: 	Balls of Fergie! Balls of Fergie! 
 
Enter Heidi

Heidi: 		NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!! (yells with arms outstretched and drops to the ground crying)


End scene

(GNO girls are out in the club partying, donning their signature tiaras and sashes. 
The fun is rudely interrupted when partying girls, dressed as dogs, enter)
GNO 1:		YOU STUPID BITCH!  I LOOOOVE YOUR FACE!  There is some serious hot italin sausage in this b.
GNO 2:		oh, girl, I love your face too, god damn I’m fucking WAAASTED!  I’m going to snag a schlong with my dick trap TONIGHT!
GNO 1:		I’m about to jam out with my clam out!  Check out my twerkin’
GNO 2:		Pssssh.  Bitch, that’s at best a twerk in progress.  Check this booty action out-	
BEASTIE GIRLS:		Wooooooooooof!  Woooooooooof! Wooooooooof!
BEASTIE GIRLS:		Cheers, bitches!
GNO 1:  		(Exasperated) Oh man it’s the Woof Girls…
ACCORDIONIST: 		Is not Woof Girls, it’s BEASTIE girls!
 

(Cyril begins playing Beastie Boys “Girls” tune on accordion)
BEASTIE GIRL 1:
Boys, all I really want is boys
And in the bleachers it's boys
Cause on the field it's boys

BEASTIE GIRL 2:
I hate the way they mans-plain
Cuz when they talk it’s so inane
BEASTIE GIRL 3:
I could always have them flogged
From Dick’s Burger’s to Prague
(Accordionist: did you mean Gulag?)

BEASTIE GIRL 1:
Boys - to play as catcher 
BEASTIE GIRL 2:
Boys - in sexy costumes
BEASTIE GIRL 3:
Boys - to pay fair wages
BEASTIE GIRL 1:
Boys - in non-gendered bathrooms
BEASTIE GIRL 2:
Boys, that's all I really want is boys
Three on the field I want boys
With shorter shorts I want boys
Kicked in the balls I want boys, boys, boys, boys, boyyyyyyys!

(END)

(Man in ladies swimsuit stands in front of a sheet)
Narrator: Last week on Baewatch.  
Man in ladies swim suit: (drops to knees) NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! <deep breath in> NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! (Someone holds a sign that reads “Cancelled due to rain” looks sad and leaves stage, sheet is dropped and some Rock mobsters and shark hanging in a Russian bathhouse (Dasvibanya/Brosky’s Bathhouse/HTTM?) wearing towels. Someone is passed out in tub. 

Narrator:	And this week we land in Mother Russia where the Bloc Rockers have opened up a bath-house with the recently acquired Hot Tub Taunt Machine.
<rock lobster by b52 plays, the verse and everyone in the tub sings Block Mobsters in place of rock lobster>  
Shark:… … and then I said stop, hammer(ed) time (Bayu has hammer head shark costume) 
Rock mobsters 1: Hahahah, I don’t get it.
Rock Mobster 2: You hear about new Bathwatch in bath-house? 
Rock mobsters 1: I got backwatch (points to watch tattoo on back)
Shark: Backwash? No you drink whole bottle. No backwash! <chugs bottle>
Rock Mobster 1: Is it bath house with hole in wall where men can see it all?
Rock mobsters 2: No, bathwatch. Russia has no beaches.  None.  Not a single place where sand meets water. Don’t google it.  So bathwatch is only place lifeguards can get jobs.  They move slower than bread queue.
Shark: Aaaaaeee that block mobster is drowning, his (or her) chain is too heavy!… (points to guy passed out)
Rock Mobster 3: (the one who is dorwning) but, I look hella sweet with all this gold bae.
Rock mobsters 1: A kurva here they come.
 [Bathwatch shows up moving in slowmo theme for a sec?]
Rock Mobster 2: Quick give him CCCPR.
Bathwatch 1: [Said in slow motion speech] yeahhhh, thaaat’s a gooooood ideaaaaa. Do youuuuu knowwww CCCCCC CCCCCC CCCCC Peeee Arrrrrrrr?
Bathwatch 2: Nooooooooooo, do youuuuuuuu?
Bathwatch 3: I thiiiiiiink soooooooo
Rock Mobster 2: Hurry up already!
[Sexy CPR, handjob]
Bathwatch 3: Ooooooone, twooooooo, threeeeeee (strokes cock 3 times, then goes down for three head bobs, then back to hand job) Ooooooone, twooooooo, threeeeeee. Iiiiiit’s nooooooot woooooorkingggggg. (I mean, is this a time where we can legit have a card board flaccid dick prop?  I think so)
Rocker: What are you doing? 
Bathwatch 3: Coooooock, Cliiiiit and Coooornhoooooole Pleeeeesiiiiing resssssssssexitation
Rocker: His blood-alcohol content is too low… Just give him shot. 
[Takes a shot glass and takes a scoop out of hot tub to give to Bathwatch]
[Gives shot to Ivan who gets up]
Bathwatch: Hooooooow arrrrrrrre youuuuuu dooooooing Baaaaaaaae?
Ivan: [Spits] you are not Bae of me, you Bae of Pigs. I am Ivan the terrible drunk, but you a terrible life guards.  You lethargic Americans make me sick, with all your drama in the CCP, it’s kinda hard being Ivan Drunky. G Serfs! Up! Hoes/hose! Down! (While you motherfuckers bounce to this) Let’s get some motherfucking shots for this
[Serfs (with snorkles) pop out of hot tub, drop their hoes/hose, and carry ivan away on a surf board]
Bathwatch: [slowly running behind] HOOOOOOOLLLD DOOOOOOR
[snoop dog: gin and juice plays/ serfs bring out vodka shots]

Ministers of Jokes:  Velcome to beginning of kickball season, I am Berninstein Sandersvich, and I am proud to present ze first taunt of the season. Ve are bloc rocker pussy riot and for your entertainment, we have series of jokes approved by the Ministry of Humor.  These jokes and musical entertainings, are written for the people, not the one percent, the bankers, or the billionaire class.  The props are made through the collective works of peoples collectives, all of which have fabulous health care, maternity leaves and of course many potatoes for eating.  So please laugh loud or you will be shot.

Agata/Laika: Don't be fooled by the beets that I got
             I'm still, I'm still Agata from the bloc
             Used to have a little, now I have much less
             No matter where I go, I know where I came from

Background: From Poland!
(Agata hit old man bernienstein in the head with a beet.  He falls like sack of potatoes.  Much laughs.)
Baba yaga (wearing a sign saying “Baba Yaga, famous russian witch): Comrades it is I baba yaga, the famous Russian witch, get that bitch (Agata barks) off stage so we can focus on witches
1st pussy rioter-  I got this (gets huge comical micro phone) 
2nd pussy rioter - Move witch, get out the way, get out the witch get out the way.
Bernienstein :  I get knocked down, but I get up again! (gets knocked down again)
1RD Pussy rioter: 	You're a witch, you're a hiller,
Your favorite song is thriller,
You mix potions, you cast spells,
You'll probably go to hell.

You kick balls, you write taunts,
You've got some skills to flaunt,
You know we wouldn't play you any other way.
Uber Driver (can we steal a car from Luke’s taunt?)- Dig through the ditches and burn through the witches and cram in the back of my UBER ride-  
3rd pussy rioter - Hey this uber can fit 7 people?
Uber Driver: It is prius?!?
3nd Pussy Rioter:  Yeah, so 7 people is totes cool, am I right?
Uber Driver: So where do you want to go?

All pussy rioters sit in a line in front of the 3rd pussy rioter 
3th pussy rioter:  	I wanna be where the witches are
I wanna see, wanna see 'em bunting
Stumblin’ around in those
Whaddya call 'em? Oh, cleats

Stirring your legs (a la calling all the basic witches), you dn't get too far
Ankles are required for runnin’, kickin’
Conga linin’ along down the
What's that word again? Baaaaar
	Up where they drink, up where they chug
Up where they  party having fun
Wish I could be, no
Witch I could be, drunk WKL
All leg swingin’ pussy riotiers in a monotone chant :  Calling all the basic witches.  Call all the basic witches.  You’re basic.  
4th Pussy rioter: Guys what the hell is going on, this taunt is all over the place. Maybe we shouldn’t have taken all of that acid.
5th Pussy rioter: But how else would we have neutralized all of those basic witches.
Baba Yaga: 	If you’re having taunt problems I feel bad for you hun, 
I got 99 problems but a witch ain’t one! HUG ME! <mic drop> 

Ferg: Well Hello WKL,  welcome to the second week of the Season. Now when I heard that Capown’d had decided to do a Game of thrones team not only because, I’m a huge fan of the series, and finally we have a team idea from these guys that isn’t racist.  But I’m here today to express my disappointment in you guys once again.  You guys fucked it up.  You really, really fucked it up.  Anthony, Alexandra,  Jason, come on up here.   Now first off, you fucked up your name, a taunt of thrones??? What the fuck were you thinking?  The WAY better name for your team is:  A game of taunts, a song of balls and fire.  For fucks sakes.  You’re killing me here (SPOLIER ALERT) Now, let’s just look on how you royally buggered the casting of your team.  Anthony, you play Geoffery, the little shit of a king of Westeros.  Now in the series, Geoffery, marries Magery Tyrel, a woman older than him, and you wouldn’t even finger bang a woman ½ your age yet a lone marry them.  Alexdanra, you play Danerys storm born, the mother of dragon.  You guys almost got this one, but Alexandra is the mother of a number of herpes which also burn, but are far less deadly.  And last but not least on the numerous ways you have fucked up your kickball season we have Jason.  Jason, you are Vayrs, the master of spies and, notably, an effeminate eunuch.      Now, you may be a little light in the loafers, but from what I;ve heard from the guys who work at The white Swallow, steam works, or any of Seattle’s many “gentlemen’s bath houses” this guys scrotum, and rectum, hang to his knees.   Ok, ok, Now instead of taunting you, which I think would be a waste of time, because you’ve already fucked this up so much-  We’re going  to play MUSICAL THRONES-  a game where you win, or you get wasted.  Ok, you’re going to get wasted anyway.

(Basically we make them walk around a series of thrones,, until the music stops, then they sit on a throne, but each throne has a consequence.)
 The throne of the French (a throne covered in baguettes) – the person who chooses this throne has to do the croissant shot.  The joke is that when we bring them the croissant shot, there are actually 13 shots, a bakers.
The Throne of the North – A toilet filled with ice, that the person has to sit in and drink a pint of peppermint schnapps  before they can stand up.  Someone sits on them saying HORDOR until they finish the bottle
The Thrones of Dildos- Sit, uncomfortably or maybe VERY comfortably in the Throne of dildos, taking a few blow job shots to the face.
The Iron Throne- You ,must beer bong wine until your team members can name (either the 7 kingdoms of Westoros or 7 Iron and Wine song titles)   


(SCENE: FERGUSON holding a triform. FLOWER PEOPLE walk up and grab the sides.)
FLOWER PEOPLE (SINGING): Little shop! Little shop of horrors!
(FLOWER PEOPLE unfold triform, revealing vagina with Andy’s face.)
FERGUSON: Feed me semen! Feed me!
 (Record scratch. COLLEEN runs on stage, grabs the triform and throws it away.)
COLLEEN: No no guys, I’m sorry but this won’t work. Booze Scouts already did this lame idea. I’ve got an idea for a way better musical.
(Backdrop unveils: “THE SOUND OF WHORROR”)
COLLEEN: The whores are alive with the sound of cumming

WOMEN: (Women moan) The job they have done for a thousand years, The cock fills my cunt with the sound of cumming

MEN: (Men moan) My mouth wants to blow every cock it nears

(Enter NAPOLEON.)

NAPOLEON: Your socks are too short, you silly Austrian person!

(NAPOLEON cuts off COLLEEN’S HEAD)

EVERYONE: Quelle horreur, quelle horreur!

(Exit NAPOLEON and COLLEEN, enter AGATA, THING 1, and THING 2)

AGATA: Comedrops on titties and whiskers on pussies
Tight moistened sphincters on warm virgin tushies
Discrete paper packages tied up with strings
These are a few of my favorite things

When the slave bites
Then the whip stings
When I’m feeling bad
I simply remember my favorite things
And then I don’t feel so sad

(Enter NAPOLEON)

NAPOLEON: Your Ed Hardy tattoos are not douchey enough!

(NAPOLEON CUTS OFF AGATA’S HEAD)

(Exit NAPOLEON and AGATA. Enter JEFF, JONATHAN, and THE ANALWEISS CHORUS)

(JEFF BENDS OVER WITH JONATHAN BEHIND HIM WHILE HE STARTS SINGING)

JEFF: Analweiss, analweiss

(JONATHAN STARTS FUCKING JEFF UP THE ASS)

JEFF (switches to falsetto, at least for a bit): Every morning you greet me
Big and black
Thick and stacked
You look happy to meet me
My rubber bro may you bloom and grow
Bloom and grow forever
Analweiss Analweiss
Bless my backdoor forever

(Enter NAPOLEON)

 NAPOLEON: Fuck fuck fuck Cute Cute Cute!

(Massacre ensues.)

(Exeunt NAPOLEON and THE ANALWEISS CHORUS.)

(Enter LEIF and CHRISTINE. LEIF sits down on a stage while CHRISTINE gives him a lap dance.)

LEIF: YOU ARE SIXTEEN GOING ON SEVENTEEN
BABY IT’S TIME  TO THINK
BETTER BEWARE, BE CANNY AND CAREFUL
BABY YOU’RE ON THE BRINK

(Enter NAPOLEON.)

NAPOLEON: Too soon! We’re not taunting Monaco until Thursday!

(NAPOLEON kills LEIF and CHRISTINE.)

(ENTER EVERYONE. CURTAIN CALL WITH REPRISE.)

EVERYONE: The whores are alive with The French Connexxxion!

(Ends with someone crossing the stage with a sign that says “APPLAUSE”.)

(BEAVER TRADER #1 & #2 enter scene. One of them is holding a map.)
BEAVER TRADER #1: At last, we have arrived on scenic Punani Wu! On this map, it says “HERE THERE BE BEAVERS.” Which, as French beaver traders, is exactly what we need! But it’s written in English! Which as French beaver traders, is very confusing!
BEAVER TRADER #2: Zees island is supposed to be covered in beaver! I have heard that the beaver runs so thick that the ground is like one giant 1970’s bush!
TRADER #1: Yes, and then we can take all zee island beaver back to France and sell it on the street at outrageous prices!
TRADERS: (French laughter, you know, “hon hon hon hon hon”) 
(The two look around the island)
 (Enter LUKE, clapping two coconuts, enter luke wearing a Hawaiian shirt and no pants.  Hot dog wang a flyin’)
LUKE: Hello there!
TRADER #1: Zut alors! An indigenous person!
TRADER #2: We must subjugate him at once!
(Move to attack him)
LUKE: No wait! Like you colonialist explorers, I too am white and have a penchant for exploiting island cultures! I am LUKE WALKER, captain of TEAM ZISSOU!
TRADER #2: Oh I’m sorry! Your stereotypical pan-Pacific-Islander style of dress is as convincing as it is culturally insensitive! Mais oui, we are beaver traders who have come to harvest your island’s finest beaver!
LUKE: Oh, sorry there’s no beaver here, there’s only one jack ass.  Get it?  I mean me!  But seriously, do you have any food?  There’s no food on this island.
TRADER #1: But, uh, zee map it says there would be beavers here.
LUKE: Yeah, all the Beavers died after we got here.  You see that Volcano over there, the one that looks like a snatch?  Yeah, it erupts once a month, for like 3 to 5 days.  You can always tell when it’s coming because the island gets all bitchy.  GET IT?  LIKE A WOMANS VAGINA WHEN IT MENSTRUATES. HAY-OOOOOOOH!  I am so funny and clever.
TRADER #2: Zaat is how you say, predictable.  We do not find your antics amusing, and that is saying a lot, we find Jerry Lewis funny. 
LUKE: Yeah whatever, I don’t care about you, this is all about ME ME ME.   You see, I was on a Life Aquatic cruise when we ran aground here and got stranded.
TRADER #1: Yes, I think I read about that in the papers. “The Zissou Accident,” they called it. The headline in Le Monde read “Drunk Assholes Lost at Sea” for a week!
(Spinning newspaper headlines spin across stage:
#1: DRUNK ASSHOLES LOST AT SEA
#2: WARRANT SERVED FOR INTOXICATED CRUISE CAPTAIN
#3: U.S. COAST GUARD ABANDONS SEARCH FOR LOST SUBMARINE, CLAIMING “NOBODY GIVES A SHIT REALLY” 
TRADER #2: But Zissou was two years ago! What have you been doing the whole last year?
LUKE: Mostly masturbating to my taunt ideas. I mean… pornography. Masturbating to ADULT pornography.
TRADER #1: What happened to the rest of your crew? Did they drown?
LUKE: No, we couldn’t find any food here so we had to eat all the men one by one.
TRADER #2: So you had to eat your entire crew? Quelle horreur… quelle horreur!
LUKE: No, there were only a couple guys on the team, but after we ate the last one all the girls built a raft and left for Wang Island. They said something about my creepy mustache giving them eye herpes, but that doesn’t make any sense because this thing is AWESOME! You see, it curls up, and then it curls up a second time on each side, which I feel is superior to a normal moustache, and it does it all without any need for mustache wax whatsoever, which is a total chick magnet—

TRADER #2: <vomits>
TRADER #1: So have you been trapped here alone this whole time?
LUKE: No, I’ve had Wilson here to keep me company. But he got a bit… deflated after a while.
(Luke pulls out deflated kickball with eyes, a nose, and a small circle for a mouth drawn on it with a sharpie ala that other Tom Hanks movie I haven’t seen. Inside the mouth is a tiny hole due to puncturing by a tiny penis. Semen is dripping out the hole.)
TRADER #2: So you sodomized a kickball and ate human beings.
LUKE: No, after I popped off Wilson, I just started building HUGE props and costumes for my epic return to taunting.   I also came up with an elaborate team theme that NO ONE WILL UNDERSTAND!  Here, I’ve made flyers for everyone detailing every aspect of my amazing totally creative idea!  (hands out a few really long scrolls) 
TRADER #1: What first this is really racist against Polynesians, also isn’t your idea just a ripoff of a movie where Tom Hanks has a shitty mullet that lost almost 10 million Euros, it was a bigger flop zen Howard zee duck.
 
(TRADER #1 pulls off glove, slaps LUKE in face with it)
TRADER #2: The French have appropriate punishment for cannibalism, kickball-intercourse, and crimes against facial hair… Madame Guillotine!
TRADER #1: Mes amis! Grab him!
(Other FRENCH CONNEXXXION players enter and restrain LUKE. One of them has a tiny guillotine. Or maybe a cigar cutter, which is apparently also called a guillotine.)
LUKE: No, what are you doing? You can’t cut that off! I use that all the time, I swear! I have sex with lots and lots of women!
(FRENCH TRADERS first cut off the ends of the mustache with the guillotine, making it into a Hitler mustache. FRENCH TRADERS then cut the wang in half with the guillotine. Then throw it into the audience. LUKE turns around and somehow squirts wine out of the crotch wound into the audience then runs away. One of the TRADERS captures the wine in a goblet and ceremoniously drinks it.)
TRADER #2: I am glad we have gotten rid of that silly American fool before we had to taunt him a second time. Let us explore this island further so we do not waste this trip.
(FRENCH CONNEXXXION players wander around, and one of them peers under the tarp)
TRADER #1: I do not know why he said there was no food on this island. I mean, there’s coconut trees all over the place, and guava, and papaya, and—
(FRENCH CONNEXXXION players tear down tarp revealing FOOD TRUCK)
PLAYER #3: --hey guys, there’s a food truck over here! Run by Julia Child!
JULIA CHILD: Hellooooooo! Welcome to How Pickle Got Into a Clam! We’ve been here for like a year but we only just got the generator running! Would you like to try our unicorn crepes?

	
 (SCENE OPENS: We find our selves in the back stage of the WKL half time show, ball shankers are placing huge props in positions, the spirit of 70 kicks kids are directing the action. There are Dressing rooms stage right, the back of the theater center, and craft services etc stage left.  There is a whirl wind of action going on.  Cases being moved stage left and stage right, large props being put into place etc.)
Tricia (stage manager) : All right you ball shankers, I don’t want any trouble out of you today or else your going RIGHT back to jail.   No! NO! NO!  Penis mountain goes stage left and the Pussy bridge to the heavenly clit goes stage RIGHT!  Strike ONE ball shank! Can’t believe they gave us prison labor as stage hands, what cheap bastard is paying for this shit show?  All right everyone, come together. We’re 5 mins away from being LIVE on tv for the WKL half time show.  I want you all to be professional, happy, and perfect.  I expect nothing less.  Danny-
Danny: Yes tricia?
Tricia: My head set please. (danny hands her his head set, maybe we bedazzle this bitch?) PLACES PEOPLE, LET’S DO THIS PEOPLE. 
Enter Andy WHoreballs with a gaggle of Divas, Andy is taking pictures of the Divas
Andy: Oh, fabulist, beautiful, make nonconsensual sex to my lens.
Tricia: Mr. Whoreballs, I believe we are ready for you.
Andy: No, no no.  This is all wrong.
Madonna: Yeah, where is my didldo unicorn?
Tricia: uh, we never spoke about a dildo-
Lemmy: Where is my skull that shoots snakes out of the eyes?
Tricia: Skull that?
Andy: yeah, and where is my Lady GaGa?  What the Hell Tricia?  I hired you because you are the most competent person in the whole freaking league, and you screw all this up?
Tricia: Mr. Whoreballs, I swear we never spoke about any of this
Andy: Of course we didn’t.  We stayed up until 3am last night writing this magum opus, instead of the garage we were going to do. Here’s the new taunt. (hands tricia a stack of papers) 
Lady GaGa: (now at the craft services table) Uh, Andy.  We have a huge problem.
Andy:  What is it my muse?
Lady: I FOUND A GODAMN GREEN M&M IN THE NO GREEN M&M BOWL
(All the diva’s freak out and go to their dressing room, during this move lady gag a gets connected to the hoist and lifted in the air)
Andy: well shit Tricia.  You better figure this out.  I’m going to use this time to get all my awkward minutes in.  (starts filming the taunt)
Tricia: Ok, christ.  Look at this thing.  (looking at the taunt) Ok, baby Kyle, SOME OTHE MEMBER OF BALL SHANK, come here. We’re going to hve to completely remake everything we’ve done for this-
Baby Kyle: Ah shit.  I hate taunts.  
Other PMS member: we have to do it baby kyle.  Do you want to go back in the hole?
Baby Kyle: I want to get back in your-
Tricia: NO!  Just get back to work. Danny, Rob, I need you two to go out there and entertain the crowd for like 5 minutes.  We need to buy time
Danny: Sure thing T money.  How about we sing a song, like fuck the French all  night?
Tricia: No, no more old throw back jokes.  Do something from this year
Danny: yeah, but nothing we did this year was close to as good as fuck the French-
Tricia: I DON’T CARE.  Just get your skinny ass out there and enterain those drunks.
Bobby: I’m here too-
Tricia: WHATEVER. Just get out there and kills some time.
(enter the nerd herd)
Kevin: Tricia! Tricia, we have the solution to all your problems.  Lasers!
Tina: Lasers? Guys, this is a day time show, there’s no way the WKL is going to see lasers in day light.
Danni: Don’t worry, I’ve got an expert here, one that you might be questionably attracted too. (the lasers gag starts)
Isaac: You see, we use ultra violet light that passes through a quartz crystal-
Tina: Yeah, I know how lasers-
Isaac: Shh.  I’m mansplaining-
Tina: Sploosh.   Come with me.
Dylan and another pirate enter
Dylan: Hey Tricia, put us on, we got a great bit, check it out.  What has 8 legs, 8 arms and eight eyes?
Pirate 2: I don’t know Dye-lon?
Dylan: 8 pirates!  Waka waka waka
(hook grabs them and pull them off)
Tricia: Christ (checks watch) 4 minutes until we’re live
Danny (sticks head out of the curtain, possibly covered in blood) Tricia, We’re getting killed up here.  We need some help.
Andy Whoreballs:  Trica, darling, I need to speak to Ga Ga about the third act.  Have you seen her?
Ga ga: I’m up here.  Help.  I’m stuck
Tricia: No I haven’t seen her.  


(SCENE OPENS: Tina walks into the scene where Tricia, Danny, Danielle and Emily are standing next to the score board, our current team placards are up.  Danny is using a guitar as a crutch, Danielle has a boot on..  Our current teams are on the score board. )
Tina:  	Hey 76’ers!  How many of us are going to actually play against D.I.V.A today?
Danny:	Oh man, It’s just Trisha and 6 “ringers” out there.  We don’t even have a full team. We’re going to get slaughtered. 
Daniel: Yeah, wish we could play, I mean, Danny got hit by a car last weekend, so he’s obviously out.  And me, my leg gets mysteriously injured for 10 weeks every year right around kickball, so I’ve been out this entire season, again.  Bummer.
Emily: It’s really weird how it happens every season.  Hey, I got champers! 
Danielle:(jumps up runs over to her) Ooo!  I want some!
Emily: Like I said, really weird.  (pours some champers)
Tricia: Damnit you guys, I’m going to be out there for EVERY INNING, and I’m a freaking mom! Emily why aren’t you playing?
Emily: Taking care of the wounded. D’uh
Tina: What are we doing for the taunt?
Danny: Well, we’re going to sing a super awesome song.  Ah one two three (sings) D. I. V. A. it fun to play against D IVA-
Tricia: Ug, I’m OVER IT.  We’re doing a song for the taunt?  REALLY? We’re going there AGAIN? No story? No Set-up? No costumes? Aren’t we more creative than that?  What does it mean to be the SPIRIT of seventy kicks? 
Enter the spirit of 76’s
Spirit of 76: Behold, it’s I, the spirit of 70 kicks.  
Tricia, Danny, Danielle, Emily, Tricia: Wilkers!
Spirit of 76:  I’ve come here today to teach you of the true spirit of the WKL!
Tricia: Whiskey?
Spirit of 76: No no no, the other one.  I am going to take you to your past team, your present team, and YOUR TEAM OF THE FUTRE.  I’ll show you where you lost your spirit!
Danny: Wait, is this a Christmas carol taunt?  Didn’t you guys try to do a Christmas taunt last week?
Spirit of 76: did we really try?  
Danny: fair point.  Well, let’s get this over with, just take me, I’ll tell them the story when I get back. I tell the best stories. (does the Wayne’s world doodly doos)
Spirit of 76: No, bad Danny! We’re not doing that, it’s lame. I summon the ghost of WKL PAST!! ({SMOKE} takes off one table cloth to reveal a black/pirate themed table cloth.  Score board changes to Pirates vs Monster squad All the other 76’s change quickly into pirate costumes, drinking and having a good time)
Danny: When are we
Spirit of 76: We’re back  in 2009!
Danny: Oh wow, the last year we were the pirates.  Look, we were having so much fun!  
Spirit of 76: Yes, yes you were!  You all were the life of the party!  Dancing on the bar at the buckaroo, getting shit faced every single night, wearing the same godaman costumes you had worn for the last 7 years.
Danny: Look at Emily, she was only 17 but we got her in that bar every night.  
Spirit: For reals?  Look  with your whole eyeballs Danny, what else do you see?  
Danny: I see the rest of the WKL is here too!  Look, Luke’s in his teen wolf costume.  Fergy here and he weighs 50lbs less!  Holy shit, there’s the freaking NUDGEE!
Spirit: Are you starting to get what made your team so spirited?
Danny: Not. at. all.
Spirit: Then we must go to the present. (pulls off the pirate table cloth to reveal the American table cloth)
Danny: No no no.  We’ve already done the present and it sucks.  this taunt is already long so let’s just skip to the end.
Spirit: FINE! To the future we go. (pulls off the American table cloth to reveal the final one, team names are now Split pee and Hambone: A soup themed team, and Soft Taco Penis quiet {maybe make this better} sprit of 76 kick are now super old)
Danny Wowzers, look at all the flying cars! 
Spirit; We still call those airplanes Danny.  It’s only 2030.  Look, there’s you team.
Danny: Holy shit.  We’ve aged TERRIBLY. 
Spirit: Yes, all the drinking, and being in the sun by the score board has turned your already aged bodies in to old leathery skin bags.
Tina: Tricia, sure is nice that Hamish joined our team.
Tricia: Yeah, ever since the accident turned him into a mutant cyborg, he just the best kickball player.
Tina; I know! He can play all the positions at once with his crazy cyborg speed, so we have to do is here by the score board all game long.
Danielle: Let’s be honest, it’s the only thing we’ve enjoyed for years.  Look over at the bleachers, bunch a new kids, having fun, chanting, tking off their clothes, GET OFF MY LAWN….  We’re far too old and lame for the.  Yup.  Score board is where it’s at.
Danny: Wait, wait! Spirit!  I’ve figured it out! I KNOW WHAT WE’VE DONE TO LOSE OUR SPIRIT!  Take me back!  Take me back to our time.
Spirit: I can’t, I already threw away the now time table cloth-
Danny: Fine, I’ll just do it myself(does the waynes world doodbly doos,  score board changes to current day, team changes to current day, 76sers turn into today)  Guys! I know how we’ve lost our spirit. We all just hang out here in front of the score board during every game, blocking the view for everyone! The entire rest of the league is hanging out there, bleachering, meeting new people! We don’t hang out with anyone new, hell we even turn down rookies before the season starts, and now we can’t even field a team now! If we mix it up, and get out there and meet the league, they’ll all remember how awesome we are!  Guys we don’t need crutches or air casts, we need our booze, drugs and fun.  So let’s abandon this score board forever and stick our spirit right back into the WKL.  Who is with me?
all 76ers:  (bunch of cheers)
Danny: DICKS OUT KIDS!

 (SCENE OPENS: Bunch of Dino’s sitting around a Christmas tree. Jasmin passes Scottie a large present.)
JASMIN:	And this big package is for Scottie!
SCOTTIE:	I’ve always wanted a big package! Is it from Mama?
JASMIN:	No, not the mama. It must be a secret admirer.
EVERYONE:	Ooooooooooooooooohhhh!!!!!
(SCOTTIE opens up the present to reveal a giant egg.)
SCOTTIE:	It’s… a giant egg.
STICKNEY:	Is it Faberge?
SCOTTIE:	Noooooooo.
AFTON:	Is it an everlasting cock sucker from Bling it Onka’s Taunt Factory?
SCOTTIE:	Noooooooooo!
(Egg cracks open revealing baby Diva the Dinosaur [Hamish’s hand puppet dinosaur].)
SOUND CUE:	Cracking sound.
AFTON:	Ooooh, a baby Dinosaur, it’s so cute. Let’s name her Dee-Dee!
(Afton plays with Diva, who bites off her finger. She screams and blood squirts everywhere, D.I.V.A.s enter to sing.

CHORUS: 	Dee-Dee, the last dinosaur
		She’s my friend and a whole lot more.
		Dee-Dee, the last dinosaur
		She ate my finger and now I’m sore.

(Sign saying “time passes”. Diva and Scottie enter stage. Diva is older now [actually a larger dog in one of Hamish’s dinosaur costumes])
SCOTTIE:	(Looking around to make sure the coast is clear). Hey Dee Dee, do you want some peanut butter? 
(Scottie pulls out hot dog dick from pants as if he is going to smear peanut butter on it to have Diva fellate him. Diva immediate eats hot dog [as dogs will]. Scottie screams and blood squirts everywhere.)

CHORUS:	DEE-DEE the last Dinosaur, 
		she’ll eat your dick and a whole lot more.
(Sign saying “time passes” Dino’s are on stage and adult Diva enters [one of us in the dinosaur onesie]. She is eating some bloody meat or something).

DIVA:		Hey gang, you wanted to see me?
AFTON:	Yeah, we need to talk. Please, sit down.
DIVA:		What’s this about? Is this a fucking intervention? 
JASMIN:	Dee-Dee, your primordial urges are seriously becoming a problem. You need to be a more evolved being.
DIVA:		But this is who I am! 
STICKNEY:	You have to be better than your basic instincts.
 
SCOTTIE:	You’ve been hanging around with a real Paleo-pathetic crowd. And this dino culture that you’re promoting is causing real dino damage. Not just to us, your family, but for the entire community.
MAMA:	We need you to be the kind of dinosaur who if you see something, you say something. Not the dinosaur who does something. If you do something, we want you to say something, before we see something. You see what I’m saying?
SCOTTIE:	And if you see something on the field, and you record it, you should upload it right away. Like before you leave the field, it’s super easy, there’s no reason not to.
DIVA:		So wait. If I see something, I should say something, and then do something? I’m confused.
MAMA:	Dee-Dee, we just want what’s best for you.
DIVA:		I think I know what the root cause of my problem is. You see with these tiny arms I can’t pleasure myself, so I take it out on my friends. And strangers. And puppies. And puppy strangers. And I’d really like to take it out on this one crazy neighbor…
AFTON:	No Diva, this isn’t how we raised you. Which is why we are sending you away for human conversion therapy.
DIVA:		But I’m not a human, I’m a dinosaur, I was born this way.
CHORUS: 	I was boooorn this way! (Lady Gaga style)
SCOTTIE:	No, there is a human at your dinocore. Just look in a mirror!
JASMIN:	Mirror!? We doing lines?
CHORUS:	White Lines! (Grandmaster Flash style)
STICKNEY:	It’s a metaphor, Jasmin. 
(Diva goes crazy, killing all the dinos, lots of blood and body parts).
DIVA:		You don’t gnome me. (slaps gnome hat off someone)
		I don’t want to go to rehab. 
CHORUS:	Nooo, Nooo, No (Amy Whinehouse Style)
DIVA:		This is who I am! This is how I express myself!
CHORUS:	Express yourself! (Madonna style)
DIVA:		I’m changing my look, I’m changing my name 
and I’m hittin’ the road jack. 
CHORUS:	Hit the road jack. (Paul Simon Style. Gets cut off by Diva.)
DIVA:			I AM a more evolved dinosaur, I’m a diva-saur!
		From now on, call me DIVA.
 (While Diva is still ripping people apart a bunch of D.I.V.A.’s sing the song)
CHORUS: 		diva, the first diva-saur, 
			she's evolved into a whole lot more, 
			diva the first diva-saur,
			she's a little glam, and a whole lotta gore!

SONG CUE:	Born this way. 
(Diva and D.I.V.As dance around the dead dinos.)
(END)

(Open to see large phone and Durst. Most of taunt is just Durst hanging out at home, walking around doing chores, etc. while responding to messages that come up on the phone. )


Durst: hmm… Someone’s messaging me. Looks like the team. I’ll just post this little emoji of myself. Taunt planning? I'm out!
[Leaves group, gets added back in]
What? I thought I left the group chat. Oh, thanks a LOT Miles. Whatever…I guess I could maybe go have a drink… Wonder what time they’re getting together. Oh, 7, that’s like right now.
I wonder who we’re taunting… Is it the Divas? The Divas… are… poop. I'm out.
[Leaves group, gets added back in]
Ashley, do you really think we can do a song and dance routine against the Divas?
Really Kevin? A fight scene? That’s exactly what we did against them last year. 
The divas are attacked by queen bees and ant queens in the forest? Spencer you’re so weird. Sounds like a Dino-Core taunt.
Facial? YEAH Ashley, that’s hilarious. Divas LOVE getting facials.
Fisting? No, that's just gross.
Gangsta rap Kevin? We just did that on Saturday.
Marry, Boff, Kill. Oh Spencer, when will you learn?
What is this some kind of Game of Thrones idea, Spencer? That's been done to death. Don’t they know there was a whole team dedicated to that a few years ago? I mean bringing that back would just be taunt suicide. 
Oh man looks like everyone is getting a little too dramatic for me. “Seriously guys, I told you, I’m not in the League anymore.”
[Leaves group, gets added back in]
Dang, Spencer is getting pissed. He must be upset that no one likes his ideas. Yeah spencer, smoke some trees, chill out dude. Screw this
[Leaves group, gets added back in]
GRRRRRR!!!
[Leaves group, gets added back in]
Miiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiles
[KNOCK AT THE DOOR]
SPENCER: What the HELL MAN?!! You don’t like any of my ideas, nobody likes any of my ideas, I just feel like I’m not a functional part of this team… 
[Spencer tried to hurt Durst. Christine comes in to interrupt]
CHRISTINE: “Emojis may be fun, but they don’t convey the true depth of feeling available in the English language. There’s too much misunderstanding in today’s society, we need to come together in the same room 
Someone in crowd: (THAT’S WHAT SHE SAID!)
CHRISTINE: – hey! - in actual real rooms using actual goddamned words. Otherwise, people’s feelings get hurt. Seriously, emojis are a problem harming innocent people all over the world today. Remember, use your words, kids. Use your goddamned words.”
[END]

(SCENE OPENS: DIVAS are approaching a cave or something)
GAGA:		I’m so excited about our underground dance camp! I just wish we could find it, but SOMEbody decided to roll up our map and smoke it I’m looking at YOU, LEMMY!
LEMMY:	ACE OF SPADES!
GNOMES (off stage, think Snow White):	High gnome! High gnome!  I’m high as shit and I’m a gnome!
LEMMY: (sniffs at air)	Hey, I think we found it, or at least we found some weed.
(DIVAS ENTER, WE SOMEHOW REVEAL THE GNOMES AND HEATHER AND LUKE - THE GNOMES ARE SMOKING WEED)
HEATHER:	Come on, gnomes! Put down your goddamn weed crack pipes! We have a job to do! (gestures at DIVAs) Hey, you in back, get in formation!
(Everyone gets in line and throws their feet up on a ballet bar)
HEATHER:	Strike a gnome! Strike a gnome!
(LUKE flogs gnomes)
Gnomes (whispering or something):	Gnome… gnome… gnome…
GAGA:		Whoa, she’s strict!
LEMMY:	What kind of underground dance class is this? Is this the velvet underground?
GNOME 1:	Gnooooome.
LEMMY:	The digital underground?
GNOME 2:	Gnome, man, gnome. It’s the PUNderground! This is a punitentiary where we do hard labor by mining for the world’s worst puns!
GNOME 1:	Aaaaaand cardboard!
(While HEATHER recites lyrics, gnomes yell out a pun one at a time, while also doing choreographed mining routines)
HEATHER	Come on, Gnome

GNOME 2:	Working from gnome!

HEATHER:	Let your hammer move to the music

LUKE: (flogging)  	Move to the music!

HEATHER:		Hey, hey, hey

GNOME 1:		Gnomebody gnomes the trouble I’ve seen!

HEATHER:		Come on, Gnome

GNOME 2:		Department of Gnomeland Security!

HEATHER:		Let your body gnome with the flow

LUKE: (flogging)	Gnome! With the flow!

HEATHER:		You gnome you have to do it
			Strike a gnome!
(LUKE tries to strike GAGA, but GAGA catches the whip mid-air)
GAGA:		Hey! That’s not in the rider.
HEATHER:	So you refuse to mine puns? I! Know! No! Gnome! Mercy!
LUKE (counting on his fingers)	I… know… no… gnome… okay, that works. GNOME MERCY! GNOME MERCY!
HEATHER:	To the pundergnome with you!
(While chanting, GNOMES lead DIVAS into the PUNDERGNOME. Somehow, this ends with LEMMY holding HAMISH standing right behind GAGA)
GNOMES:	Two gnomes enter! No gnomes leave! Two gnomes enter! No gnomes leave!
HEATHER:	For challenging my gnome-thority, you must fight our greatest warrior, which is me, in the greatest challenge gnome to known… I mean, known to gnome… THE PANTS ON—
EVERYONE:	Awwwwwww…
HEATHER: 	--DANCE OFF!
(HEATHER and GAGA put on pants)
(MUSIC CUE: Lady Gaga’s “Poker Face”)
(HEATHER does her dance routine)
(GAGA steps out of the way, revealing HAMISH)
GAGA:		We’ll fight them with someone their own size!
(HAMISH dances. It’s super fucking cute. While he’s dancing, GAGA and grabs all of the gnomes and get them to dance with them.)
HEATHER AND LUKE:	Gnooooooooooome, we lost our army of gnomes! 
GAGA:		No, there’s a better way! With fewer puns, and shorter taunts! Well, maybe shorter taunts? Not necessarily this one! And awesome song and dance routines!
(HEATHER and LUKE start dancing with everyone else.)
LUKE:		You’re right! Singing and dancing is way more fun than just doing shitty puns. As thanks, I give you the greatest weapon in the gnome world… THE ROSETTA’S GNOME!
LUKE hands LEMMY the scroll. Lemmy unrolls it.
LEMMY:	Uh, this is, just a bunch of gnome puns and the last one is I like the way you work it? 
LUKE:		GNOME DIGGITY!
EVERYONE:	(Wacky trombone sound effect with jazz hands)
(END)


(SCENE OPENS: Conductor enters, places a tray full of shots down for the audience along with the SHOTS SIGN. Choir enters. Conductor taps on stand and gestures at choir)
SONG:		“So Sprach Zarathustra,” sung with all Dons
		(As the choir sings, a giant sun with Don’s face rises)
SONG:		“Frere Jacques,” performed as a round (one time thru for each performer) with all Dons

		Don don, don don,
		Don-don? Don-don?
		Don don don, don don don
		Don don don, don don don.

		Don don, don don,
		Don-don? Don-don?
		Don don don, don don don
		Don don don, don don don.
		(Two DIVAs enter from opposite sides, meet, fall in love, frolick)

SONG:		“The Imperial March”, sung with all Dons
		Don, don, don, don-don-don, don-don-don
		Don, don, don, don-don-don, don-don-don

		(DON VADER enters and kidnaps one of the DIVAs)
SONG:		“BATDON theme,” sung with all Dons

		Don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don
		Dondon!
		Don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don
		Dondon!


		(BATDON enters, fight ensues with “DON!” and “DON!” signs, and DON VADER defeats BATDON)
SONG:		“Super MARIDON Bros. (main theme),” sung with all Dons
		(MARIDON enter, face off against Vader, then someone throws them a star with DON’s face on it)

		Don, don, don, don, don, don-don
		don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don
		Don, don, don, don, don, don-don
		don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don


SONG:		“Super MARIDON Bros. (invincibility theme),” sung with all Dons
		Don, don, don, don, don, don-don, don
		Don, don, don, don, don, don-don, don
		Don, don, don, don, don, don-don, don
		Don, don, don, don, don, don-don, don

		(MARIDON run up and touch DON VADER)
DON VADER:	DOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN (dies, falls next to MARIDON)
SONG:		“Taps,” sung with all Dons
		Don-don-don, don-don-don
		Don-don-don, don-don-don, don-don-don
		Don-don-don, don-don-don, don-don-don

		(People in black enter and put down gravestones for DON VADER and BATDON, then lay down a bouquet(s))
		(Someone waves the DON SUN back and forth) (with a moon on the other side))
SOUND EFFECT:	Wayne’s World Style doodle-ee-doo, performed with all Dons
		(DON VADER and BATDON pop back up and start the next song themselves)
SONG:		“The Song That Never Ends,” sung with all Dons

		Don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don
		Don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don
		Don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don
		Don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don, don

		(BATDON and DON VADER high five each other and start a high five line, leading into CURTAIN CALL (while song continues)
		(DONDUCTOR gestures to sound tech and lighting tech)
		(End curtain call by bringing Don up, then…)
SONG:		Can Can Song, sun with all Dons
		(We all can can with the double-kick starting on the right foot and remembering that feet cross bodies)
DONDUCTOR:	And… Don.
 (END)

 
(SCENE OPENS: NATE in a bed, ideally wearing little sleep hat with a blanket up to his chin, talking to MONACO on the phone)
MONACO:	So, what do you think about naming our team,
 “the Dream Team”?
NATE:		I don’t know, let’s sleep on it and see what we think in the morning.
(MUSIC CUE: doodly-doo??? Definitely sleeping sounds)
(Enter SHOPPER)
SHOPPER:	Gotta buy props, gotta buy props, gotta buy props!
(Enter BEYONCE)
BEYONCE:		Welcome to Bed, Bath, and Beyonce! 
			Kickball props are in aisle 5.
(Enter BACKUP DANCERS 1 & 2 who start singing and dancing with DIVA 2)
BEYONCE & BACKUP DANCERS:	All the single knives, all the single knives, (x2)
all the plungers!
(BEYONCE & BACKUP DANCERS dance off stage)
(Enter DIVA 2, talking into comically oversized phone – Red Tele wearing a Sir Eel mask?)
DIVA 2:	"If I don't get a golf cart, she doesn't get to make bombs! It's in the rider!"
(TEACHER enters)
TEACHER:	So are you ready for your test today?
DIVA 2:	Oh no I forgot to study for the test!
TEACHER:	And why aren’t you wearing any pants?
(SOMEONE rips STUDENT’S pants off, revealing STUDENT is naked)
DIVA 2:	OH NO, I’VE GOT TO GO PUT MY CLOTHES ON!
(Exit TEACHER while DIVA 2 runs into the portopotty) 
Enter DOCTOR¬ to reveal MAIMUNA from under a blanket who is obviously pregnant)
MAIMUNA:	Nate, it’s me, your wife! It’s time! My water broke!
DOCTOR:	Congratulations! It’s a lovely, healthy litter of animal!
MAIMUNA:	Animals?!!!? do you hear that? I always wanted to animals!
(DOCTOR starts pulling stuffed animals out of MAIMUNA’s crotch)
DOCTOR:	Say hello to your bouncing baby ___________________, your healthy looking _________________, and your Siamese, if you please…
(MAIMUNA and DOCTOR FREEZE. Enter BEYONCE & BACKUP DANCERS)
BEYONCE & DANCERS:	We are Siamese if you pee, we are Siamese if you don’t pee
DOCTOR:	Whatever you do, don’t pee (empties water on field slowly)
(DOCTOR LEAVES covers MAIMUNA with blanket leaving her with animals, NATE leaves bed while NATE DOUBLE’S hands are still holding it up.)
NATE:		Gotta pee, gotta pee…
(NATE walks over, opens door to porto, and DIVA 2 exits wearing the octopus suit.)
NATE:		Oh wait, I’m still dreaming!
(NATE’S DOUBLE’s head pops up from behind the blanket. DIVA 2 starts fucking NATE in the ear. Both moan. NATE’S DOUBLE starts getting an erection.)
VO:		”If you beat it, they will come.”
(Enter SIGMUND FREUD with a giant cigar.)
FREUD:	You know, they say when you are dreaming about having sex with an octopus, it means you’re really dreaming about having sex with an octopus.
(Enter TOOTHLESS)
TOOTHLESS:	My teeth are crumbling!
(TOOTHLESS launches chiclets at the audience, then puts chiclets back in mouth in reverse.)
TOOTHLESS:	!gnilbmurc era hteet yM
(TOOTHLESS starts chewing gum and blows a bubble while exiting)
(FLYING flies across stage while NATE’S DOUBLE mocks flying.)
FLYING:	I’m flying, I’m flying!
(FLYING turns around and starts running across stage in slow motion while NATE’S DOUBLE is kicking like he’s running.)
FLYING:	Oh God, it’s chasing me! Gotta get away! Gotta get away!
(FLYING starts to fall while NATE’S DOUBLE’S head sways and then slam downs.)
FLYING:	I’m falling, I’m falling!
(Enter DOCTOR, BEYONCE, and BEYONCE DANCERS carrying a trophy, tiara, sash, and a bouquet and gives them to NATE.)
DOCTOR:	Congratulations, here’s your triple-header trophy for winning every single thing including sports, taunts, and taunt of the year!
NATE:		I know I didn’t lose you! I’ll never lose you, as long as I live! To make sure I keep all the trophies forever, I shall form the ultimate team… THE DREAM TEAM!
(NATE’S DOUBLE wakes up and picks up phone.)
NATE’S DOUBLE:	Hey, Anthony? So, I like your idea. But how about we just call ourselves “The Dream Team,” like we’re really good, but we just lose at everything instead. (END)

(The scene is hidden by a clear plastic wall, which is supposed to look like Perky’s camera.  Person one is standing behind it, with their head over the wall. )
Person 1: What you are about to see is bearly a taunt for this season. You’ll need to watch it again and again at home, to fully understand what you are about to see. And without further ado, Trek Yourself Before you Wrek Yourself now presents, “Bear-taunt-ilous”.   Now, let’s stop watching this thourgh Perky’s camera.  (clear plastic wall is removed)

(Three camp chairs sit in the middle of the stage)
(A tent with the wall covered facing the audience is upstage)
(Large cardboard prop that says Cardboard prop)
(Person 2 + 3 enter)

Person 2: penis (said quietly). Obscure pop culture reference, which is the framework for this taunt. penis. (said a little louder than the first)

Person 3: Ah, a joke about someone on the other team which I am portraying with my costume and name sign. (wearing a “name sign” sign)  

Person 2: A joke from last year, re-written, but just barely.  

Person 1: (carrying a badly drawn sign) FACT, I am carrying a badly drawn sign that you cannot read because it is drawn badly AND I keep moving it around. 

Person 7:  I’m wearing something that is making you laugh because of how it reveals my body in an awkward fashion. I am also saying my lines much too quiet for everyone to hear, especially if you happen to be laughing. 

(Person 1 presents Cardboard sign: “4 agonizing minutes later” then leaves stage)

Person 7: I’ve never been in a taunt before, we didn’t really get a lot of time to practice and I don’t really understand what’s going on. However, I’m going to deliver these lines the best I can and the people who watch it online at work tomorrow will not be able to hear what I’m saying.  My lines are extremely integral to the taunt and much too wordy for anyone to follow. 

Person 2: This is the part where we set-up what is about to happen.  penis.

Person 3: THIS IS ABOUT TO HAPPEN! (points to the walled tent) This is about to happen. We call this the exposition.  Oh it’s happening alright. (points to the walled tent, the wall drops and person 4 is standing inside the tent, now revealed.) 

Person 4: That is right! It is me and you are surprised to see me!
AND NOW (to the audience)You’re happening, you’re happening, and you’re happening. We are now making fun of you and bringing you on stage. 

(Person 2 + 3 +4 grab three people from the other team and sit them in the chairs) 

Person 2: Involving the other team! … penis.

(Person 2 + 3 + 4  gyrate and dance around the people in the chairs)

Person 2: I am taunting you specifically and talking about your ability to play kickball! 

Person 3: And now I am taunting YOU specifically! Insert joke about you!

Person 4: AND now I am taunting YOU specifically because jokes are best in threes.

Person 2: Audience participation, It never works right. Sad Duck-face. :(  
(shuffle the other team off the stage)
 
Person 4: AND now a HUGE prop that took hours to construct and we reveal it with a classic WKL joke...  SMOKE! 
AND THE CROWD GOES WILD! (jesture to the crowd to go wild)

(3 people Persons 5 + 6 + 1 walk onstage wearing all white looking like they are manipulating some large prop while making lude jestures)  

Person 5: (from the large prop) Here is the large prop.  We spent hours making it, and hope it lasts a few seconds.  

Person 6: penis joke

Person 5: Long list of bear puns

Person 1: Even longer list of bear puns

(Cardboard sign 4 agonizing minutes later)

Person 5: Final grizzly bear pun.  Now Lists of jokes

Person 6: I am saying the set-up for the next joke

Person 1: And I am delivering the punch line. This is one about Luke. 

Neighbor Lady: I am complaining about everything that you love about the WKL. 

Person 2: Knowing look to the audience, long pause, shrugs shoulders. I guess this means it’s time for a song. No taunt could win without one.

EVERYONE, person 2 starts: (to the tune of Bear Necessities) 
We taunted, juuuust Bearly, 
we taunted just by recipe, 
forget about the thinking and the fights
I mean taunt just Bearly,
those West coast perfect recipes
that brings the taunts just barely to life
PENIS!

Person 5: I say west coast you say Penis!  West Coast

EVERYONE: PENIS!

Person 5: West coast!
Everyone: PENIS!

(fin)

(SCENE OPENS: Trekkies on the deck of the U.S.S In Her Thighs)
CAPTAIN:	Captain’s log, stardate something something 69 dude. The U.S.S. In-Her-Thighs has been on a seemingly endless exploratory mission in the Bleachers quadrant.  After all this time floating alone in space the crew is getting understandably antsy. With this mission coming to a close I too am ready for some shore leave and a little R&R.
TREKKIE 1:	Captain, we are approaching starbase Deep Throat Nine. I’m making the Final Penetration now.
(Trekkies cheer)
ALISSA:	Oh yeah, my phasers are set to CUM!
TREKKIE 1:	If I walk in on Riker fucking himself in the holodeck one more time, I’m going to shut the whole thing down.
CAPTAIN:	Fortunately Deep Throat Nine is regarded across the galaxy for the finest in inter-species copulation opportunities.
TREKKIE 1:	We’ve docked, captain.
CAPTAIN:	Bridge to the transporter room, 3 to beam down to the station.
(Trekkies all beam down to station).
CAPTAIN:	A good friend of mine told me a little secret of this place, ah, here it is, Old Timey Jim’s Sextra-terrestrial Bordello.
(Jim Cooley in drag comes on stage).
OLD TIMEY JIM:	Hello good sirs and ladies. I’m Old Timey Jim Cooley and this is my Sextra-terrestrial Bordello! I offer the finest variety of pleasure anywhere in the galaxy. We have black holes, white holes, gamma gays, and heavenly bodies! Now who wants to meet… the staff?
(Trekkies all reply excitedly)
OLD TIMEY JIM:	First up, she can do the Kegel run in 2.3 parsecs, if you know what I mean, Jessica Star-fling!
(Jessica Star-Fling enters).
JESSICA:	Hello there, which one of you big strong men and sexy ladies wants to <SPACE SEX EUPHEMISM>?
TREKKIES:	Me! Me! Me!.
(Jessica sits down on the chair, spreads her legs, an alien comes out from her legs).
TREKKIES (scared):	AHHHHH!
OLD TIMEY JIM:	Not sure what to do with her? Do you need someone a little more forceful? Never fear, next up we have an authentic Sexual Predator.
(ENTER PREDATOR)
ALISSA:	Oh, he’s mine.
PREDATOR:	You know, I’m not sure if she’ll be able to handle my 4 foot long barbed corkscrew cock. 
ALISSA:	Don’t worry, my box is much bigger on the inside.
(Alissa and Predator exit stage, arm in arm).
OLD TIMEY JIM:	For the rest of you, maybe you’d prefer a little BDSM. Now this one’s a real slave-master, Hickey the Slut!
(Enter Hickey the slut, being wheeled in on a wagon by slave Leia in chains).
HICKEY: 	Ma ticky matt hickey, ma tickey.
(Leia holds up TRANSLATION SIGN:”I like the blue one, she is wearing the shortest of shorts!”)
TREKKIE 1:	You know, I, uh, I think I’m good.
HICKEY: 	Ma ticky matt hickey, Spacebag ma tickey
(Leia holds up TRANSLATION SIGN: “You’ll be even better once you’ve tried my space bags!” Hickey shows his space bags and squirts some of the juices out of each.)
(All Trekkies shaking head, saying no, save for the Captain.)
TREKKIE 1:	No, that won’t be necessary, what else you got Old Timey Jim?
CAPTAIN:	No, this isn’t right, we’ve been sent here by the Federation to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new fucks and new inebriations. To cum where no man, or woman, has ever cum before. We are the crew of the U.S.S. In-Her-Thighs and we WILL live up to our founding principles. Now give me some of that sweet space juice!
(Captain gets down and drinks from the space bags. The rest of the Trekkies look at each other, shrug, and get on the bags.)
HICKEY:	HA! HA! HA! HA! HA!
CAPTAIN:	I feel… funny. No… horny. 
(Captain dives onto Hickey and starts fucking. Trekkies, Jim and everyone else on stage start fucking. ENTER WIL WHEATON.)
WIL:		Hi, I’m TV’s Wil Wheaton, you might know me as Wesley Crusher from Star Trek: The Next Generation, or from my performance as Wil Wheaton on The Big Bang Theory. Now speaking of big banging, today I want to talk to you about a serious problem plaguing the galaxy: space herpes.
TREKKIES (in background):	OH GOD I’VE GOT SPACE HERPES! (proceed to freak the fuck out and run around quietly screaming)
WIL:		Like many of you in the audience, I too have acquired space herpes after an intimate encounter with a sextra-terrestrial. I try to be careful, but outbreaks can occur at any time.
CAPTAIN (in background):	MY PENIS JUST FELL OFF!
WIL:		That’s why I take the only medicine proven to reduce the risk of spreading space herpes. (HOLDS UP CUP) Val-Trek. Taken once daily, or four times each on Wednesdays and Thursdays, it can help protect my partner… and maybe keep my penis from falling off.
CAPTAIN and TREKKIE tackle WIL and start doing shots of Val-Trek.
WIL (shouting from under TREKKIES): 		If you wreck yourself, Val-Trek yourself!
(END)

PERSON 1:	It’s really super-sweet that your mom let us use your basement to watch sci fi and play magic the gathering!
PERSON 2:	I know right? OK, I’m gonna tap 2 PBRs to play Pope Goat. He’s a 5-6 trample legendary creature.
PERSON 1:	I’m gonna tap 3 PBRs and 2 jello shots to play 9:15 PM. All goats go to bed… and therefore TO THE GRAVEYARD.
(Enter HEIDI with a platter of jello shots.)
HEIDI:		Children, children… Are you still up playing kid’s games? As the Beaver Goat Magic Momma, I have a treat for you that’s even better than a cake pop. This won’t make you turn to the dark side, but it will make you “throw” I mean “grow” up. Now sit down on my magic carpet it’s time for Gathering the Magic.
(Sign gets flipped over to “Gathering the Magic. Everyone does a jello shot.)
PERSON 3:	Ewww, this smells like the rotted taint of a goat. What’s in this? 
HEIDI:		Oh children, the mystics and I have concocted a special blend of WKLSD using the ancient sands of BF Day field, room temperature vintage PBR, one dangly part public nudity, just a pinch of peyote, jeffs brownies, Iowaska and… smoke! (flower gets thrown from Heidi’s hand) Sit down, align your chakras, it’s time for a ride on my magic carpet! 
(Carpet gets rolled out. Everyone takes their hit. sound cue “Magic Carpet Ride” starting at 1:46 playing loudly at first and then in the backgound)
PERSON 1:	I’m not sure if I’m vibrating at the right frequency, maybe I need some tuning in?
PERSON 2:	I’m color blind! Are my chakras the right color? I just don’t know!
PERSON 3:	Whoa… I can see through time and space… and your face! (reaches through someone’s face)
PERSON 4:	You know guys… I just realized that I’ve spent most of my adult life beating theater geeks at kickball over and over, going to bed early and…
PERSON 5:	Yeah, but I can kick the ball, like, really, really... far… and accurate… woah! But what good does that do me?
PERSON 6:	I know, we are all still like… really old… and we’re playing a pre-game that’s meant to teach 6 year olds how to play baseball.
HEIDI:		Wait, are we all on WKLSD? Or we all just really… drunk?
PERSON 2:	Dudes, this is getting really surreal.
(ENTER SIR EEL)
SIR EEL:	Did someone say—
EVERYONE:	NO THAT JOKE’S FROM LAST SEASON!
(EXIT SIR EEL, DEJECTED)
PERSON 3:	I can’t do this anymore, I don’t have any more time for excuses, I’ve gotta do something with my life!
PERSON 4: 	Yeah, I agree! I’m finally going to live my dream and be an ice skating ribbon dancer!
PERSON 5:	I’m going to be a spiritual healer, massage therapist who teaches yoga!
PERSON 6: 	I’m going to heal the world with hugs!
HEIDI:		Oh that’s so beautiful! Start with me!
(person 6 hugs Heidi)
PERSON 6: 	(Staring deeply into Heidi’s eyes) You’re so amaaaaazing! You’re so beautiful!
HEIDI:			I feel beautiful! You’re amazing! OH MY GOD everyone, let’s all hug!
PERSON 3: 		(HUGGING PERSON 2) You’re my best friend!
PERSON 2: 		and you’re mine!
PERSON 6: 		You guys, I think we need a BIG group hug to help save the world!
PERSON 4: 		Yeah, let’s do it! Stand up everyone, we’re here to save you!
(everyone lines up next to each other and walks toward the audience to give a big group hug. Cookies and jello shots are given out)

 (END)

(ENTER NUMBER ONE. They walk back and forth and do exposition.)
CAPTAIN:	Number One, you’re running late. Were you at a slumber party?
NUMBER ONE:	I was under the impression it was casual Friday. 
(CAPTAIN and NUMBER ONE both look at Fergie. Pregnant pause.) 
FERGIE:	What?
NUMBER ON:	But seriously, I was dealing with number two…
CAPTAIN:	Lieutenant Commander Data?
NUMBER ONE:	Data, sir?
CAPTAIN:	Yes, you see if you and I were incapacitated he would be in command of the ship.
NUMBER ONE:	Oh, not that number two.
CAPTAIN:	Ah, clever number one!  You were referring to feces. If I remember my 21st century history classes correctly, that sort of vocabulary may come in quite handy in our next mission. 
NUMBER ONE:	Sir?
CAPTAIN:	You see we’ve been tasked by Starfleet Command on a mission into human history critical to preserving the existence of the Federation itself.
NUMBER ONE:	But doesn’t time travel violate the Prime Directive, sir? And what does this have to do with doodoo?
CAPTAIN:	Section 31 has suspended the prime directive and all Starfleet regulations for this mission, so anything goes! WOOOOOOOOO! 
(THEY HIGH FIVE)
NUMBER ONE:	Does that include don’t ask, don’t tell?
(CAPTAIN and NUMBER ONE stare at each other awkwardly. Pregnant pause.) 
CAPTAIN:	The important part is that we must travel back in time to the summer of 2015 on a mission that could, I repeat, alter the very course of human history.
NUMBER ONE:	2015?!? That’s just one year before… the incident! Are we leaping back in time so that we can strive to put right what once went wrong?!
CAPTAIN:	No, no, no. We’re just going on a beer run. Rear Admiral B’ahymen just finished off the last case of Rainier, and since the Free Cascadian Beer Wars the replicators can only make triple-hopped black IPA. But before we go back in time, we must familiarize ourselves with the culture of the era.
NUMBER ONE:	Oh, hence--
CAPTAIN:	Yes, they referred to their feces as number two. And just wait til you find out what they called Number One.
NUMBER ONE:	I’m sure it was appropriately awesome.  We should go to the holodeck and study--
CAPTAIN:	You know, I hate the holodeck, every time I use the damn thing it is literally covered in semen. Have you ever been in there after Commander Worf?!?  Their blood’s not the only thing that’s pink and smells like fish, and he shoots 2 gallons of the stuff EVERY TIME.
NUMBER ONE:	So… You want me to close the holodeck and turn it into a cargo bay?
CAPTAIN:	No, then I couldn’t run my Orion slave girl simulation.  Anyway- let’s jump into the jizz sock, program it to 2015, Fremont, Washington and see what happens.
(Other characters move off stage.)
NUMBER ONE:	Computer. Browse your wildly accurate cultural database and play the most popular piece of music from earth in the year 2015
(Song number ensues.)

(END)

(ENTER Camp counselors BLAH BLAH)
Camp Counselor 1: 	Hey campers!  How’s everyone doing today?  Good?  Well that’s just swell, or, with this heat, should I say… sweltering! I mean, you gotta remember to keep your cool in this summer heat. No reason to get a hot head.  No need to freak out and have big blow out and then quit the league, er, camp.   
Camp Counselor 2:	Well what better way to do that than to get all WET with a fun day packed with water sports! That’s right, today is the day when Camp Trek challenges our old friends at Camp WHAK to a series of watery competitions. The winner of today’s event earns BRAGGING RIGHTS FOR THE WHOLE SUMMER.  Yeah,  lemme hear ya CAMPERS!
(All campers and crowd cheer)
Camp Counselor 1: 	Ok, here at Camp Trek we’ve picked our bridge team, we have red shirt! and blue shirt! We’ll need 2 “champions” from Camp WHAK.
(Trekkies grab one planted WHAKER from the audience and brings them up.) 
Camp Counselor 1:	Oh jeez, looks like we only have one WHAKER who wants to get wet, we’ll need more WHAKERS if this is going to come out right. But don’t worry, we’ve planned for such an eventuality and brought a ringer for you. And  I know how much you guys love ringers. BRING OUT THE GIMP
(Out comes the gimp) 
Camp Counselor 2:	Alright first up we’ll test your accuracy with Golden Showers! <Camp Counselor 1> will go fill up some Golden Water guns for you, it’s time for a classic American challenge, the DUEL!
(Counselor 1 goes behind the bush and fake pees to fill up the guns.)
Camp Counselor 2:	Okay, now walk 10 paces and turn to blow your load, but remember: don’t aim for the face or you will be disqualified. 
(Counselor 1 hands guns to gimp and blue shirt, they start walking their paces but gimp immediately gets on his knees and shoots himself in the face)
Camp Counselor 2: 	Oh no, Gimpy has WHAKED himself. Well it looks like Camp Trek wins this one. Next up is our Water Sports endurance challenge: THE SLIP N SLIDE RELAY RACE.
(Counselor 1 reveals the slip and slide.) 
Camp Counselor 2:	Now this one is really simple campers, your team starts at this end of the slip and slide, you run, you jump, you slide, you hit the bump AND YOU TAKE A RIDE!!  Then, you get up and slide back to your partner, and they do the same thing!  <Camp Counselor 1> can you get the course ready?
Camp Counselor 1:	Sure thing!
(Counselor fake pees all over the slip and slide. Red shirt and WHAKER go to one end.)
Camp Counselor 2:	Okay challengers, on your mark, get set, go.
(WHAKER jumps on first, and wades around on slip and slide, slashing and sliding around.)
Red shirt:	I’ll use the transporter!
(Red shirt cheats by “using the transporter” one trekkie starts at the end of the slip n slide, a transporter noise, then a trekkie in the same color uniform appears on the other side of the slip n slide, they do this twice and win).
Camp counselor 2:	WOW!  Another game won by Camp Trek!  Now campers here comes the final game of finesse, and this one is for all the marbles: the water balloon toss.  Campers, stand three paces apart, and you’ll toss your water balloon to your partner, and whichever team is the farthest apart when their balloon breaks WINS.  <Camp Counselor 1> can you prepare us some balloons?
(Counselor 1 still behind the bush whips out 2 balloons)
Camp counselor 1:	Way ahead of ya!
(Gimp grabs the balloons and immediately breaks it on himself)
Camp Councilor 2:  	Oh drat, we’re going to need more balloons.  <Camp Counselor 1> can you fill any more?
Camp Councilor 1:	Sorry campers, I’m totally drained.
(Gimp takes off mask)
Gimp: 	Ah fuck I need more water! Do you know how hot it is in this mask?
Camp Councilor1: 	Don’t worry Gimpy I filled up a whole cooler full of Wet Cold American PISS to make sure we had enough to cool EVERYONE down!
(Councilor1 acts like we are going to pelt the audience, pulls out a cooler from the bush opens the lid and pulls out a Rainer)
Camp Councilor1:	Who wants a refreshing Rainer!?
(Pass out Rainers to EVERYONE)

Opening: 
(ENTER ABBY and ELMO)
ABBY:		Hey, Elmo! 
ELMO:		Hi, Abby! Why don’t you tell me a joke?
ABBY:	So my friend walked into a doctors office with a carrot in his ear and a piece of celery up his nose. The doctor told him he wasn't eating right.
ABBY & ELMO:	HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
ABBY:		Now Elmo, don’t forget to tell our friends out there what the letter of the day is!
ELMO:	Thanks, Abby! Today’s episode of SKEET STREET was brought to you by the letter M, for Murder!
ELMO:	Tickle, tickle, tickle! (grabs knife and stabs PUPPET 1, then does the ELMO LAUGH)
ABBY:	(horrible death sounds)	
ALL IN BLACK METAL VOICE:	Sunny Day
Sweepin' the clouds away
On my way to where the air is sweet
Can you tell me how to get,
How to get to Skee-ee-eet Street?
 (SIGN: NIGHTMARE ON SKEET STREET slowly raises to top of stage, where it stays)
(EXIT ELMO)
(ENTER ERNIE, in bath tub with soap bubbles and a dildo attached to it)
ERNIE:	Here I am in my tubby again! It’s all filled with water and nice suds… and I’ve got a big fluffy towel to wipe myself down when I’m done! But there’s one other thing that makes tubby time the very best time of the whole day! And you know what that is? It’s my very favorite little pal… I mean BIG PAL…
(Ernie picks up giant dildo and starts playing with it all sexy-like.
SONG:
Rubber dickie, you’re the one!
You make bathtime lots of fun!
Rubber dickie, I’m awfully fond of you… OOOOOooOOOOO!

(ENTER ELMO with knife who murders ERNIE)
ELMO:		TICKLE, TICKLE, TICKLE!
(EXIT ELMO)
(ENTER COOKIE MONSTER)
COOKIE MONSTER:	P is for pussy, and that’s good enough—
(ELMO comes back and murders COOKIE MONSTER)
ELMO:	(laughs. softly.)
 (ENTER COUNT with a picture of MONACO on his eye. As he counts, other puppets come on and start having sex with him and each other)
COUNT:		Greetings! It is I, the Count!
PUPPET 2:	Hey Count, what’s that on your neck?
COUNT:		It’s my Monaco Monicle! (COUNT turns to the audience and stares at them straight-faced)
And it’s time to answer that fascinating question… what is the Skeet Street number of the day, ah ah! Let’s count fucks and find out!
(PUPPET 2 comes up and starts blowing COUNT)
COUNT:		THAT’S ONE! ONE FUCK! 
(PUPPET 3 comes up and starts fucking PUPPET 2 from behind)
COUNT:		TWO! TWO FUCKS! 
(PUPPET 4 comes up and gets in on the DP action with PUPPET 2)
COUNT:		THREE! THREE FABULOUS FUCKS! AH, AH, AH!
COUNT:	What? Nothing? Nothing happened! Isn’t three the number of fucks of the day? But I don’t have any more fucks to give! Where’s the confetti?
(ENTER ELMO)
ELMO:		I’ll give you confetti!
 (ELMO murders everyone. Puppet guts (cotton, yarn, pipe cleaner, googly eyes) flies out from behind the stage while people scream bloody murder.)
(ENTER FERGIE on real stage.)
FERGIE:		So guys… when is the holodeck getting fixed? This show sucks!
(All PUPPETEERS stand wearing Star Trek uniforms and shrugging.)
JONATHAN:	DAMMIT FERGIE, I’M A DOCTOR OF NEUROSCIENCE NOT A PUPPETEER!

(FIN)


JUDGE 1:	Welcome to downtown Tokyo, where Cirque du So Lame is continuing their Pacific Rim tour! Today, before we start the show, we’d like you to see the open auditions for our new stage magician!	(SOUND CUE: THE FINAL COUNTDOWN on flute)JUDGE 2:	The contestant will go head to head with our magician, SAMWELL THE SPECTACULAR SPELLBINDER.		(SAMWELL and NINJA enter)SAMWELL: 	I am SAMWELL THE SPECTACULAR! Master of illusion!NINJA:		I’m ERIN WILLIAMS, an international ninja of leisiure. It might surprise some of you to see a ninja auditioning to be a stage magician, but the skill set is surprisingly similar. The life of a ninja is a lonely one, and I’ve always wanted to be part of a circle of interesting people with basic cultural sensitivity.JUDGE 1:	For the first contest, we thought we’d go with something from the basic magician’s playbook: cutting a woman in half! First up, Samwell the spectacular will show us how it’s done!SAMWELL:	Right this way Alissa, please make your way up onto the table and gather your courage as you are about to be cut in half! 	(SAMWELL leads out ALISSA, lies her back on a table, pulls out a saw, saws her in half—SOUND CUE: SAW—then pulls off not-that-sneakily-substituted mannequin legs and shows that they’re cut off, then reattaches them and she leaves the stage carrying the mannequin legs.)SAMWELL (during):	I say West Coast, you will say… CHOP IN HALF!JUDGE 2:	And now, let’s see the ninja chop a woman in half! Miss Kelly has graciously volunteered for this trick.	(KELLY COMES ON STAGE. Before Kelly can even lie down on the table, the NINJA swings her sword around and slices her between the legs.)NINJA & KELLY:	(SCREAMING BACK & FORTH)KELLY:	Oh… is it the 26th already? Never mind, I just need a tampon.	(KELLY exits.)JUDGE 1:	Okay… I don’t think the ninja really got the point of that round.JUDGE 2:	But KELLY sure did! For the next trick, we’ve asked the contestants to perform some slight of hand!SAMWELL:	It’s not a trick, it’s an illusion! Tricks are what whores do for money… OR CANDY!	(SAMWELL reaches up into armpits, pulls candy and joints from a secret stash, and throws it into audience.)NINJA: 	Yeah, that’s what whores do for money… OR CANDY!	(NINJA throws origami ninja stars and fake plastic knives into audience. DANI holds a plastic knife or shuriken up to her eye and pops a blood pack on it and jumps up while blood sprays out.)DANI:	AHHHH MY EYENINJA and DANI: (SCREAMING BACK AND FORTH)DANI dies.JUDGE 1:	No, ninja, no ninja NO! Stop hurting people!JUDGE 2:	Alright, for the next round, something that can’t possibly result in maiming… pulling a dollar out of thin air! JUDGE 1:	Don’t you mean a quarter?JUDGE 2 (shrugs shoulders):		Eh, inflation.	(CHRIS stands up, and SAMWELL pulls a dollar out of his ear.)SAMWELL:	Sir, please stand up. (motioning to Chris) Hold on just a second, you’ve got something there… why, I found a dollar in your ear! Finally, I’m getting paid for this crap! 	(NINJA walks up, cuts off CHRIS’s ear, pulls a quarter out of the ear stump.)NINJA (identical cheerful delivery):	Sir you must be a gold mine! I too have found a dollar in your ear!NINJA and CHRIS:	(SCREAMING BACK AND FORTH)JUDGE 1:	Ninja! The purpose of a circus is to delight and amaze, not dismember!NINJA:		You are right… I have brought dishonor to myself, my lord and my family. I must commit… honorable seppuku.JUDGE 1 (runs up to NINJA):	No, you have so much left to live for!	(NINJA pulls out sword and accidentally stabs JUDGE 1 who dies screaming)NINJA:		Oops!JUDGE 2 (running up):	No, stop! Bad ninja! Bad ninja!	(NINJA turns around to look at JUDGE 2 and accidentally stabs JUDGE 2 who dies screaming)	(NINJA pulls at collar and makes three stooges sound.)	(NINJA then tries to stab himself in the stomach, misses and kills SAMWELL.)SAMWELL:	I will never reveal my secrets. (dies)NINJA:		Oh no, not again! I thought we had such a good connection going there… now I’ll NEVER have an orgy in a circus tent! I guess it’s back to me and Steen on the boat again this weekend.	(NINJA throws down smoke bomb.)NINJA (sadly):	SMOKE BOMB.	(SOUND CUE: sad Charlie Brown music)	(NINJA walks off to Charlie Brown sad music Arrested Development-style.)NARRATOR: Team ISIS. EVERYONE: Is Is! SISI MEAT! Undefeated in taunts and games. Last year’s WKL champions. Until last week. Apocalips WOW, a team of gangly theatre nerds, bests Team ISIS both theatrically and, to everyone’s surprise, also athletically. How will they react to their newfound kickball dominance?COLLEEN: Alright, alright people. We’re up against Bad Guys today, so let’s get this taunt planned. Cris: sew us some new costumes; I want us to look like a strung-out, cut-rate burlesque show. Bill: I need like a dozen solid dick jokes from you, understand? Jon: get me some impossibly obscure film references. The more pretentious the better! Let’s do what we do best people, come on! (claps hands, everyone scurries around)NICOLE: No. No you guys. We just beat the best team in the WKL. By the transitive property, this makes us the best team in the league. It’s algebra.JON: (using calculator) She’s right, you know.NICOLE: And we’re playing the Bad Guys, who are really good at kickball. So here you guys, put these on—(throws logo t-shirts at everyone)--we’re not a fun team anymore. Repeat after me: we’re not a fun team!EVERYONE: We’re not a fun team!NICOLE: So you better look the part. I’m going to whip you into shape!(Eye of the Tiger plays and we have a series of choreographed sight gags. Two sets of three people do the exercise, NICOLE and COLLEEN alternate coaching, screwing it up)NICOLE: Alright kick some balls. Alright, yeah! (Team kicks balls and does shots WHEN NICOLE TURNS AWAY)COLLEEN: Alright work those abs! Okay! (Team does situps and then does shots WHEN COLLEEN TURNS AWAY)NICOLE: Alright team work those biceps! Pump that iron! (Team lifts weights and then sings into the weights WHEN NICOLE TURNS AWAY)TEAM: Rising up! Back on the street!COLLEEN: Keep those hands up! Fuck that bag up! Alright! (Team punches bag and then breaks it and drinks it WHEN COLLEEN TURNS AWAY)NICOLE: Push-ups! Keep your head up, come on! (Team does pushups and snorts coke WHEN NICOLE TURNS AWAY)COLLEEN: Work those lats! Yeah! (Team uses exercise bands, then shoots heroin WHEN COLLEEN TURNS AWAY)NICOLE: Alright stretch it out you guys, keep it loose! (Team stretches and fucks)COLLEEN: Come on you junkies, get up those stairs go go go and now Jazz Hands! (Team does Jazz Hands) (everyone collapses from exhaustion)NARRATOR: After ten minutes of physical exertion, Apocalips WOW realizes: their lungs hurt. Their livers hurt. They’re feeling excruciating pain in organs they didn’t even know they had.EVERYONE: THE HORROR. THE HORROR.NARRATOR: But goddammit, they look good.NICOLE: Wait a minute, no they don’t! Look at these fuckwads! They spent the whole practice smoking, drinking, and doing needle drugs!COLLEEN: Yeah, come on, how bad are the bad guys really?NICOLE: They’re really good at kickball!COLLEN: We’ve only won one game.NICOLE: They have stable lives, 2.3 kids and mortgages!COLLEEN: What’s a mortgage? What’s a kid?NICOLE: I never see them drinking shots at the bar!COLLEEN: Holy fuck, I forgot to pay my bar tab!NICOLE: Oh my god, Colleen…COLLEEN: …we’re the real bad guys.EVERYONE: Apocalips! OW! My liver!Shifty as hell manHe studies the floorVinyl and nitrateThe scent we ignoreFlying past BallardI step to the doorCylinder spinningIn the old forty-fourStudy your fingernailsHere comes the chimePlus minus five minutesGiven the timeOver your shoulderStinking of limeTake out your bike lockThe thing is I’mGoing home (4X)The obituary saidHe kept his hands in the carSometimes had cigarettesCouldn’t stand cigarsAnd he couldn’t write a songBut he could play guitarZACH: I say Emory, philanthropy is its own reward.EMORY: I know! I feel such a sense of overwhelming self-satisfaction that we’re going to 9 Million In Unmarked Bills to donate money to victims of the Estate Tax increase.ZACH: Personally, I prefer my money in billions. But you know, some people have to get by on mere hundreds of thousands of dollars a year.EVERYONE: The horror! The horror!ZACH: Why do we both talk like David Attenborough with a stroke?EMORY: I don’t know, Zach!ZACH: Say, this doesn’t look like the 9 Mil. Let’s get the lay of the land!(they get out of the limo)HOMELESS 1: Real change? Real change?EMORY: Oh I say! They’re feral! Zach, do something!ZACH: Pull harder on your bootstraps, you welfare queen!(pepper sprays HOMELESS 1)HOMELESS 1: Augh!EMORY: How terrible!ZACH: Oh dear, Emory, I think it’s the moment we’ve all feared. People shambling about, poorly dressed, reeking of garbage. It’s the zombie apocalypse!HOMELESS 2: (coming out of the port-a-potty) Hand sanitizer? Hand sanitizer?EMORY: Oh god, they’re attacking! Here have some money! Meh! (throws money)HOMELESS 2: Hey thanks, I—ZACH: Zombies don’t want money Emory, kill him!(kills HOMELESS 2)HOMELESS: (cooking on a camp stove)Hey guys, you want a hot dog?ZACH: Oh my god they’re eating dogs!EMORY: Only in Obama’s America! We’re outnumbered, Zach!ZACH: Oh dear? What would Mitt Romney do?EMORY: M-Romney? He’d flip flop!EVERYONE: We built tent city!EMORY: Zach, don’t you see? We have to change sides!EVERYONE: We built tent city On kicking ballsEMORY: Wait, where are we anyway? We never found the 9 Mil!(reveal: sheet drops and there is a giant microscope pointing at Kevin’s balls)SONG (choreographed)We built taint cityOn Kevin’s ballsKEVIN: Yeah doc, it's like my balls are taunting me.LYDIA: Yes, well this is obviously an advanced stage of WKLV which includes parasitic testicular infestation and visual hallucinations of taunt excellence.As you know, any advice I give you is voluntary yet highly recommended. First, no more getting naked in public. This is for your safety and for gods sake no one wants to see your Peanuts Gang, I mean Penis... Gangi... and second just rub a few benjamins on it and that will give you the stimulus your package needs.EVERYONE: Apocalypse DOW!Scene opens with a funeral march. Procession is playing “When the Saints go marching in.” Pallbearers are carrying two caskets. Stop in front of a podium.PREACHER: We are gathered here today to mourn the passing of our dear friends Forrest, Bubba, and Lieutenant Dan. But we are not here merely to witness their passing but also to celebrate the richness of their lives.Flashback (sign?). Everyone but Beatrice and Geraline lies down. Mothers get up on rocking chairs.BEATRICE: Now Geraline, I don’t mean to talk outside my place, but your son Rob—and I don’t know why he insists on being called Bubba--GERALINE: And your son, (NAME), calling himself Forrest, as he does—(NICOLE NEED HELP HERE)BEATRICE: Well he’s got (personal problems, possibly stupid).GERALINE: Your son’s no better, he’s (likewise).BEATRICE: They’re turning into a couple of Bourbon Street Bawlers (rubs eyes in crying motion). By which I mean: they crybabies.GERALINE: Good thing we sent them both to Vietnam.Cut to Vietnam. Knock rocking chairs over lay down. Explosions, kickballs are flying everywhere.FORREST: (carrying Lieutenant Dan) BUBBA! I’m going back for Bubba!LIEUTENANT DAN: Soldier! You keep your ass at second base! You had better tag up, you stupid motherfucker!FORREST: NO! I gotta get Bubba!FORREST runs to third base, dodging kickballs. Picks up Bubba at third base and starts carrying him to home base.LIEUTENANT DAN: SOLDIER WHAT ARE YOU DOING! THIS DOESN’T MAKE ANY SENSE IN THE CONTEXT OF A KICKBALL GAME! YOU CAN’T CARRY A MAN TO HOME PLATE!FORREST: BUBBA!BUBBA: FORREST!FORREST : We got shrimp nuggets, we got shrimp titties, we got—AUGGHH!FORREST gets pegged in the ass with a kickball and goes down. They crawl to home.BUBBA: (sensual caressing) You saved my life, Forrest.FORREST: We got shrimp booties…BUBBA: Forrest! Come on now, forget the shrimp for a minute, I love you like a brother, Forrest.FORREST: We got shrimp anus, we got shrimp…BUBBA: But not like a cousin, because then I’d have to penetrate you.Narration. Everyone drops to the ground. MOTHERS get up into rocking chairs.GERALINE: Vietnam done changed those boys. BEATRICE: But not for the better! GERALINE: All that carousing with foreign hookers!BEATRICE: And tertiary syphilis! GERALINE: It went straight to their brains!BEATRICE: Who knew they’d be catering kickball parties?MOTHERS drop to the ground. LIEUTENANT DAN rolls up in a wheelchair, sans legs. FORREST is running laps, and LIEUTENANT DAN is chasing him as fast as he can in his wheelchair.LIEUTENANT DAN: Forrest. Bubba. I’m throwing the sluttiest Mardi Gras party the Bayou has ever seen. I need you boys to cater it.Enter LEISURE SUIT LARRY.LSL: Sluttiest Mardi Gras party the Bayou has ever seen? Tell you what, I’ll give you 13 and a quarter shrimp tits for handful of each of your pubes.LIEUTENANT DAN: Make it 12 and three quarters and you’ve got yourself a deal!LIEUTENANT DAN, FORREST, and BUBBA cut off their pubes and hand them to LSL. LSL runs off, cackling. Everyone falls down but LSL. 1UP YOURS stands up.(SOMEONE): (stirring pot) Have you completed your task, Leisure Suit Larry? LSL: (crouched over) LOVE IT!(SOMEONE): Excellent. Let’s Katrina those public-sector pirate hoboes once and for all.Hands off doll and hair to KENKEN: (holding doll in air) Run Forrest, Run!1 UP YOURS: (Maniacal laughter)Forrest starts running around the bases.FORREST: Bubba! Take care of the shrimp business! I’m just runnin’! I can’t stop runnin’!DUCK HUNT holds BUBBA doll aloft.DUCK HUNT: Pull! (DUCK HUNT throws BUBBA doll, someone else shoots it)BUBBA collapses on the field, dead. FORREST is running around the field. The party coalesces around him including several girls with shrimp pasties and LIEUTENANT DAN. Trance music. Drag?LIEUTENANT DAN: BUBBA! Come here ladies. Bubba would have wanted it this way. (Starts eating shrimp off of the pasties. Begins choking.)FORREST collapses from running too much and dies.OLD LADY EPILOGUE.END.

FREEMAN: Hello, I’m Morgan Freeman. CHIEF: Freeman! I’d like you to investigate an adorable anomaly!FREEMAN: But I’ve gotta go get donuts and—CHIEF:  You can narrate nature films later, Freeman. Your job is to investigate the cutest damn crime scenes I’ve ever seen, so don’t give me any grief. Now you and your partner--PITT:  Hi, I’m Brad Pitt. You might remember me from such films as--CHIEF:  Shut up, Pitt! We’ve got a real freak show today starring a dead kickball player, and I want you to figure it out before it leads to the apocalypse.(Siren noises, Pitt pulls a sheet/body bag off of dead Justin)PITT: Have you ever seen anything like this?FREEMAN: Looks like Justin ate Cupcake Royale until he could barely walk.PITT: I don’t quite get how this is cute, Morgan.FREEMAN: Shut up, Pitt! Look, a trail of pink socks. Let’s follow it.PITT: Pink socks?! MY FAVORITE! (Puts on the socks)(Dead Justin discreetly leaves. Pitt and Freeman walk in place while a sign saying ‘Generic Seattle Biotech Company’ drifts by)FREEMAN: Look over here. It’s like someone drowned in a Hot Topic warehouse.PITT: My god. Some poor soul hoarded expensive gothic lolita dresses until she suffocated under a mountain of anime corsets and lollipops.FREEMAN: And over here: more pink socks.PITT: MORE pink socks?! My favorite!(Enter Sloth from Goonies fucking a sloth with a Baby Ruth and the three-toed sloth is dead)EVERYONE: Hey you guys!SLOTH: Baby Ruth! Aaaaggghhh!PITT: I don’t get it! What’s the crime? I just see two consenting adults!FREEMAN: You don’t understand: there is a sin called sloth, there is also a guy called sloth, and there is a dead monkey that doesn’t really look like a sloth, but I assure you is in fact a sloth, and is getting buggered by a candy bar. PITT:  Wait, I get it! There are 7 deadly sins like in that movie we were in, and if this darkly delectable plot reaches fruition, it will lead to a singularity of cuteness, and the resulting cutepocalypse will destroy the WKL.FREEMAN: Shut up, Pitt! Why don’t you stick a sock in it! It’s a goddamned sloth!	PITT: (puts sock in mouth) Who could be committing these apocalyptic crimes?FREEMAN: Look at the pattern: Justin covered in cupcakes. Gothic Lolita dresses. Someone in a cute animal costume. Bestiality. Only one kickball team is capable of plotting such endearing crimes: those sexy singers, Apocalypse Wow!EVERYONE: The horror, the horror.(Sign goes across saying ‘Somewhere in South Seattle’. Enter SHARRI, sitting holding a lion doll. PITT follows a trail of socks towards her.)PITT: Look, more pink socks! You gotta get in on this Morg.FREEMAN: Dammit, Pitt, you know I’m a birkenstocks guy.(Sharri stands, holds up lion doll. MUSIC CUE: intro to Circle of Life)  SHARRI: We all love cute, but cute and cute? And then cute, and cute, and another cute? That’s so much cute, my ears are bleeding from all the squealing people were doing during taunt planning. How can you handle this week after week? Have you no pride? (emphasis on pride)PITT: But Sharri-EVERYONE: Shut up, Pitt!(music switches to something moral and grandmotherly like- this is 2 scenes occurring at once, SHARRI narrating and PITT whining. SHARRI is on one side, CHRISTINE, the box, and PITT on the other. I think FREEMAN just walks off disgusted at the confusion, or sits down.)SHARRI: You can’t have beginning without end…CHRISTINE: Special delivery for Brad Pitt.PITT:  What’s in the Box?SHARRI: You can’t have creation without apocalypse. PITT:  (louder/more aggressive) What’s in the box? Come on. What’s in the box?!SHARRI:  And we all know apocalypse knocks the socks off of cute.PITT: (as an aside, opening the box, still whiny)I really hope people are getting the box reference from the movie here.SHARRI: (ideally replace ‘goddamned’ with a reference from their taunt)And that apocalyptic pumpkin dog is cuter than any goddamned thing you have going. Squeeeeal.EVERYONE:  Apocalypse BOW WOW?Fin.

(NICOLE and JEFF are sitting on a love seat in their living room with Jasper in front of a TV. The TV is a modified picnic tent.)NICOLE: Well Jeff, we’ve got an hour before we have to take the field for our final taunt… nobody’s home… are you thinking what I’m thinking?JEFF: Yeah honey, let’s watch some TV!.(MUSIC CUE: “Bad Boys”)(Turns on TV: Fox. Bad Boys theme song starts up and there’s a cage with the mannequin with a strap-on in it and HIRAM torturing it. COP enters.)COP: WKLPD. Hiram Hye Brown, you’re under arrest.HIRAM: Officer, we didn’t kidnap him, we have a deal!COP: Shut up, you horrible pervert. You’ve been reported for breach of contract. You promised that gimp a blowjob. And you’d best keep that promise if you want to stay out of prison.(Dueling banjos starts. HIRAM starts blowing the mannequin.)NICOLE: Oh god, change the channel! Anything! Now! Now!(Channel change: Bloomberg News)FINANCIAL COMMENTATOR #1: So the end of the WKL season is upon us, and the NAD-SAQ is tumbling. PBR shares are down one thousand percent since the market opened this morning, and the orgy index has collapsed. Investors on Ball Street are panicking after losing 62.5% of their taunts due to the general unpleasantness of rich people. They’ve been seen harassing the referees, claiming they’re, quote: “Too big to fail and yes I’m talking about my penis,” endquote. We go live to the scene now, Chris what’s happening over there?FINANCIAL COMMENTATOR #2: It’s absolute chaos, Jon. I see a Ball Street investor out on a window ledge. Hang on, he’s saying something to the crowd.KEVIN: 3 and 5 in taunts—I can’t take it!EVERYONE: Jump! Jump!(KEVIN jumps)NICOLE: Best stock report ever! Love it or hate it?JEFF: Love it! NICOLE: Hey, speaking of terrible team ideas, isn’t Caddyshack on?(Channel change: TNT)BILL MURRAY as CARL SPACKLER: (mumbling, holding mannequin under arms so it’s facing the audience)So I jump ship in Hong Kong and make my way over to Tibet, and I get on as a looper at a course over in the Himalayas. A looper, you know, a caddy, a looper, a jock. So, I tell them I'm a pro jock, and who do you think they give me? The Dalai Lama, himself. Twelfth son of the Lama.JEFF: (interrupting whenever he wants)That guy is more incoherent than Barry. I’m hungry, let’s check out the Food Network.(Channel change: Food Network)QUESTION: We don’t have the D-cup cakes/tittycakes joke written in. Do we want to add it at the end?CYRIL: Welcome to the French Chef, I’m Julia Child! With me this week is my guest, Chef Louisette, who is a Real French Chef!JULIA: Bonjour, Julia!CYRIL: So later this episode we’ll show you how to prepare tittycakes and Cute Cute Cute Jell-O shots, but first we’ll be making Is Is Meat—JULIA: --Non, Sisi Meat! Sisi!CYRIL: Oui oui, Sisi Meat! So to make this delicious treat, you take an ordinary sausage. (Pulls out huge sausage) First you have to slightly warm the sausage like so (starts masturbating the sausage)JULIA: Non non, la saussice est beaucoup trops grande!CYRIL: Oh, too large? (pulls out cleaver, chops it in half, throws one half into the audience and holds up the other one)JULIA: (gaping in horror) Alternately: Quelle horreur! Quelle horreur!CYRIL: (pulls out hot dog) How about this one?JULIA: Elle doit etre vraiment riquiqui.CYRIL: Oh, still too large? How’s this? (pulls out cocktail sausage)JULIA: Oui oui! Voila du Sisi meat!CYRIL: So I prepared a sample of this delight earlier today, and here it is! (pulls out TEAM ISIS TROPHY?!? Or mannequin on cookie sheet) Oh, how did this get in here? Let’s just throw that in the trash. (Delicately places it in trash can with Julia’s assistance)NICOLE: Is that what I think it is?JEFF: Let’s just say this is the closest we’ll ever get to that particular trophy.(IGGY and JASPER are chained to the ground in the center of the screen. MUSIC CUE:  JAWS theme as AGATA, wearing a bear suit and pink socks walks towards them carrying a sledgehammer.)NICOLE: Oh god. Oh god. Get rid of that Now Now Now!JEFF: Okay, I’m sick of TV. Let’s Play Doctor Mario!(Plays Doctor Mario. JEFF and NICOLE should ad lib or write some dialogue)NICOLE: Oh my God, Jeff, I’m sick of watching you play video games. What’s on Nickelodeon?(Channel change: COLLEEN or AGATA calling back to Kickelodeon taunt, covered in blood wearing a Mayan headdress, holds a heart up in the air. The mannequin gets showered in blood)NICOLE: What the fuck is that? This is for kids? Where the fuck is Spongebob?JEFF: (gets up and bangs on TV) This can’t be Nickelodeon! This can’t be Nickelodeon!(Channel change: Nick at Night)(NOTE: THIS NEEDS WORK, ADD MORE?)SONG: A horse is a horse, of course, of courseAnd horses love intercourse, of courseBut then the horseWith the most forceIs the famous Fister Ed!A horse is a horse, of course, of courseAnd every horse fucks with his dick, of courseThat is, of course,Unless that horse,Is the famous Fister Ed!(Action throughout: someone wearing a horse masks slowly puts on a rubber glove, then maybe chases around someone dressed like HARRY POTTER?!?. Then the horse gets lassoed by BILL. Stab eyes out somehow? ANDY and JONATHAN run on stage and high-five in the center)ANDY and JONATHAN: Equus reference! Boom!JEFF: You know, I loved that show when I was a kid.NICOLE: What?!?JEFF: Uh… what’s on AMC?(Channel change: AMC)(COLLEEN is sitting on a piano, maybe MANNEQUIN is set up on at a bench playing the piano?)COLLEEN: (singing to All That Jazz)Team CapownedWhy don’t we play kick ballAnd all that jazz(HERE WE SET UP THE NEXT SET)I’m gonna have some drinksPut on a leotardAnd all that jazzJEFF: (AT END OF FIRST VERSE)No, no, cut it, cut it. Stop the track. Capowned isn’t worth it.NICOLE: Oh hey, I think Mythbusters is on Discovery right now.(Channel change: Discovery)(Hot Tub is set up in stage. TINA and DANNY are hiding inside hot tub. BUSTER (aka mannequin) is propped up, visible inside the hot tub).ADAM: Welcome to Mythbusters; today we’ll be investigating the urban legend of whether or not you can actually travel in time in a hot tub!JAMIE: Well Adam, the answer is hell no.ADAM: You’re right Jamie, time travel is basically impossible under the Standard Model. But, since we have an hour of television to kill, let’s blow up this hot tub in slow motion!(TINA and DANNY rise up from hiding in the hot tub)TINA: Danny, where are we?DANNY: Don’t you mean, when are we, Tina?TINA: Haha! That is so right! I mean, when are we, Danny?ADAM: All right, explosion in T-10 seconds.DANNY: Tina, have I ever told you that you are just so damned cute?TINA: (Giggles)JAMIE: We’ve got fifty pounds of TNT in this thing. The force could be great enough to send pieces of this thing into orbit. Eye protection, everyone!(JAMIE and ADAM put on eye protection)TINA: Hey, shouldn’t we be saying something just unbearably adorable right-(Explosion. Hot Tub gets ripped to shreds, TINA and DANNY are lying on the ground. AGATA drives her tank over them, firing the confetti cannon. Static curtain goes up and stays up.)JEFF: Let’s turn this off, we’ve got to get going.(Black screen replaces static sheet. JEFF and NICOLE get up and go out the door. Whole tent picks up and turns 180 degrees to reveal a beach scene on the back)COLLEEN: Hey guys, glad you made it. You ready?NICOLE: Let’s do this. Everyone, places? Play us out!Surfin’ VietnamWell it’s the end of the seasonIt’s time to say so longThe apocalypse is comingAt the end of the songIt’s going to be alright thoughWe should all keep calmEverybody go surfingSurfing VietnamWe’ve got you all figured out now (Inside, outside, Vietnam)Here’s how you win a tauntGive the audience free drinksIt’s alcohol they wantShow everybody your tits tooOur tits are pretty bombThat was for KickelodeonSurfing VietnamWhen we know who’s in third placeI guess we’ll write this verseISIS, Hot tub, or DoctorsWhich of you is least worstThen again does it matter?I guess we don’t give a damnThere’s no time to rewrite thisSurfing VietnamYou know we’re into high concept (Inside, outside, Vietnam)That’s what theatre’s forWe’re gonna kill Martin BrandoBut he’s a metaphorDid you read Heart of Darkness?He’s Imperialis-amVote Ron Paul in November(Hold up sign: This is a joke, please do not vote for Ron Paul in November)Surfing VietnamEVERYONE: CHARLIE! DON’T SURF!Good evening everybody, and welcome to the showWe’re gonna get this started, says the plumber: (Bill pops out of pipe) (Lets-a go!)Here’s a little story ‘bout a Princess we call PeachWas hanging with the plumber; Bowser took her out of reach (Bowser picks up Peach and runs off)Now Peach is up for grabs so kickballers gotta frontStep up and win these games and you might just see her cuntI’d like to see some drinking, how about you?Gonna beat some teams up here, the only question’s whoCut the CRAAP motherfuckers, ‘cause This Is Kickball (Hold up signs?)Bourbon Street Ballers we’re gonna take you allNow you’re in the desert, it’s full of fucking sand (Throw sand at captains?)Be good and drink your vodka, just please don’t use your handsThe game is called Oasis, it’s better than the bandPut your face into this bucket, drink that shit until you’re slammedWe win Oasis, possibly by making their Jello shots taste unbearably disgusting? Or by freezing them or something. Jello shots have hot sauce in them? Or by wearing goggles. “Wonderwall” is playing.Water music plays. Team is waltzing.COLLEEN:1-Up winsThat’s how it worksWho’s surprised?It’s rigged; ‘cause we’re jerksIn this matchYou can still win that snatchWho’s gotThe best tits in the WKL?PromoterboatAnd Team ZissouJingle Juggs, we’re gonnahand your ass to youWe’re the sameBecause we lose most gamesBut stillI think we are the hottest team up here. “Under the Sea” plays. Not sure how we cheat on this one, or even if we need to. Propose boat race of followed by surprise wet t-shirt contest. Our team is wearing white t-shirts.Castle music playsOh no! (That’s right!) It’s him! (It’s me!)It’s Bowser you see!JEFF:You kickball hipstersYou’ve come quite far butYou thought you’d save herStill she’ll be my slutMARIO:No Bowser, fuck youWe want her sweet titsWe challenge you toA battle of our witsOur contestant is visibly drunk and vomits after several terrible answers.RAY:Raise your hand if you’ve been fisted this season. We just wanted to know.Which member of WKL left their virginity at BF Day? (Nobody here is a virgin)Who has generated the most spam via Facebook messages? (JoAnna/Luke)Name one team with extant restraining orders (Jingle Juggs)Name one team that has a DUI. (Bourbon St. Ballers)How many penises (not including Kevin’s) have you seen in taunts this season? (1)Who needs to shut the fuck up about the goddamned rope swing? (Sean McBride)FINAL JEOPARDYName all the items that have been left at BF Day? (Scorpion costume, Colleen’s shoes… Bring out child.)(Bowser gasps and the battle of wits begins. We lose to someone from the audience.)CHUN LI: Oh no! We’ve lost Agata to the WKL! She’ll be gangbanged mercilessly!WALUIGI: Don’t worry! The joke’s on them—Princess Agata has vagina dentata! (Reveal Chomp underwear)Hakuna Matata plays.NICOLE:Vagina DentataWhat an awful malaise!AGATA:Vagina DentataLet’s have some cock fillets!It means no penis!For the rest of your days!It’s our pleasure-free…Calamity…Vagina DentataVagina DentataVagina DentataVagina DentataVagina DentataVagina DentataVagina DentataVagina DentataTake Agata here—Why, when she was a young princessWhen I was a young princess!Very nice.Thank you.She found her vagina had a couple of teethShe could chew up a zucchini with the mouth down beneathI’ve a desperate hole! Though I’ve not yet sinned.And it hurt! When my lovers would stick it in!And oh the blood! (There was so much blood!)It poured out like a flood! (Oh god what a flood!)And it totally sucked (My god how it sucked!)Every time I got fu—Agata!Yes?The word you’re looking for is “fucked,” I don’t know why I interrupted you.Vagina DentataWhat an awful malaise!Vagina DentataLet’s have some cock fillets!It means no penis!For the rest of your days!It’s our pleasure-free…Calamity…Vagina Dentata!(Vagina! Dentata!)(Vagina! Dentata!)BILL:  Taunt Machine? More like Taunt Latrine, am I right?REFEREE:  (BLOWS WHISTLE) He’s right, you know. After an embarrassingly small amount of deliberation, we conclude that Apocalips WOW wins the taunt!NICOLE: Obviously there will be no bunting. (To AUDIENCE) I’m calling it now.TINA 1: Fuck! Wait, I can fix this! I’ll use the Hot Tub Taunt Machine to go back in time, steal the Apocalips WOW taunt and give it to my past self in an unprecedented act of taunt espionage! Not like THAT’s ever been done before. (Huey Lewis and the News, Gonna Go Back In Time)TINA 2: (Grading papers) A... A... A... I looove second graders! Their writing reminds me of our taunts! Done in Crayon!TINA 1: Psst. Tina from two days ago! Here’s the Apocalips WOW taunt! (Whispers in TINA 2’s ear)TINA 2: Gasp! I’ll improve our taunt post-haste!(Sign reads: June 6, 2012)NICOLE: Now it calling I’m bunting. No be will there Obviously.REFEREE: Taunt! The wins WOW Apocalips that conclude we deliberation, of amount small embarrassingly an After know. You right, He’s (BLOWS WHISTLE)BILL: Right? I am Latrine, Taunt like More Machine TauntBILL: In taunting you so ineffectively, we have shamed ourselves and our families. Tonight, we drink only our tears.REFEREE: (BLOWS WHISTLE) He’s right you know. After an embarrassingly small amount of deliberation, we conclude that Hot Tub Taunt Machine wins the taunt!NICOLE: OH GOD THE INCESSANT BUNTING!TINA 2: Hey guys! Let’s celebrate our glorious win with an epic rager in the Hot Tub! You guys get in; I’ll serenade you with Karaoke!EVERYONE: Hooray, kind of!TINA 2: (Singing) IF I COULD TURN BACK TIME (accidentally knocks the block rocker into hot tub, electrocuting everyone).TINA 2: Oh god. Oh god. I killed half the WKL and my future self! This is the kickball apocalypse! The horror! The horror! I’ll have to go back in time and set things right! (pushes all the corpses out of the hot tub, Huey Lewis and the News, Gonna Go Back In Time)BILL: Right? I am Latrine, Taunt like More Machine Taunt(Sign reads: June 6, 2012)REFEREE: (BLOWS WHISTLE) After an embarrassingly small amount of deliberation, we conclude that Hot Tub Taunt Machine wins the taunt!TINA 2: TINA, I HAVE TO STOP YOU FROM DOING KARAOKE!TINA 3: (Huey Lewis and the News, Gonna Go Back In Time) TINA, YOU MUSTN’T STOP TINA FROM DOING KARAOKE!TINA 4: (Huey Lewis and the News, Gonna Go Back In Time) TINA! Don’t bleach your hair and get that short haircut! You look like a boy!TINA 5: (Huey Lewis and the News, Gonna Go Back In Time) Oh my god I have to stop myself from dating Luke!TINA 6: (Huey Lewis and the News, Gonna Go Back In Time) Tina. I’ve always wanted to do this. (Make out. Time after time)TINA 7: (Huey Lewis and the News, Gonna Go Back In Time. Terminator music. Sarah Conner enters) (Grabs real-world Tina from audience, says emphatically) Tina. Never use the taunt machine again. If you use time travel to cheat the WKL, it will be destroyed. And you’ll give yourself future genital HTTM.BILL: (Huey Lewis and the News, Gonna Go Back In Time) Taunt Machine? More like Taunt Latrine, am I right?Everyone runs around to crazy music and then pees in the hottub, surrounding Ferguson. We turn around and say Apocapiss Wow!NICOLE: “What are you doing Ferguson?”FERGUSON: “They said not to pee in the hot tub.”Dun dun dun dun dun dun, poo.Everyone: “Apocalips Poo!”JAMES LIPTON: Good evening, and welcome to another episode of Inside the Taunt Studio. I’m James Lipton. Tonight, we look back on the unparalleled taunt dominance of the undefeated Apocalips WOW, formerly 1 UP Yours, formerly Mission Implausible. I’m here with Nicole Greer, captain of the aforementioned team. Nicole. How did you develop your team concept?NICOLE: Alcohol. Next question.JAMES LIPTON: You were a member of Mission Implausible in 2010, a team that lost a couple taunts over the course of the season. Can you elaborate on how adjusting your roster improved your team dynamics? NICOLE: Well, so first we had to cut a guy after we realized he couldn’t come to team meetings because of all the restraining orders. But that’s another story. As for the rest of them? Let me put it this way. Some people join kickball because they think it’s a child’s game. And some people join kickball because they want to get laid. And some people think they can combine the two.(flashback)LANCE: Alright Mission Implausible, it’s that time of year again. We’ve got our team names down to: 1-UP Yours, Apocalips WOW, and Sparkle Porn Power. (enter van)CHILD: (running out of the back of the van)Mommy! Mommy!LUKE and PEE WEE: (They walk out of the back of the van, look down, and close their zippers in unison. PEE WEE is carrying an opaque bag.)A-WOW 1: Oh hey Luke, we were just talking about team name ideas.LUKE: Oh right. I’ve got a great idea for a team: Kickelodeon.LANCE: What? Why?PEE WEE: Well think about it, we could combine the television that those li’l Rugrats enjoy with drinking, shitting our pants, and masturbation! What’s that show where kids are penalized for being wrong by being covered in a viscous goo? Isn’t that a great idea?A-WOW 2: PEE WEE, that’s a terrible idea, because I’m of legal drinking age.LUKE: No wait, hear me out, a lot of people in the league have kids nowadays, and the kids will really appreciate that. They need something to…PEE WEE: (at same time as KICKELODEON 1 is talking, spills drink)Fuck!LUKE: …they need something to do. I think they’d all really like to “Salute my Shorts” if you know what I mean.A-WOW 1: I’m hoping I don’t know what you mean.(Only include this joke if we can mock up a t-shirt)LUKE: (pulls out a t-shirt with the KICKELODEON logo, except the text is dark and the logo looks like a white semen stain)LUKE: Come on guys, I think this is a really solid team idea. We can all wear these t-shirts!A-WOW 2: What is that, dude? Your cumrag?PEE-WEE: I feel like I’m not explaining myself well. What I want to do is take the kids of the WKL…A-WOW 1: Okay…PEE-WEE: And bring them in my rape van for deep deep--LUKE: --Waitwaitwait! You know, I actually liked that Sparkle Porn Power idea, except can we involve children or preteens in some way?A-WOW 2: Dude! What the hell?(Smacks PEE-WEE on the arm, bag of dildos with smiley faces falls out. Awkward pause.)TEAM AWOW: (slowly, with feeling)The Horror, The Horror!A-WOW 1: I was a kid once!SHARRI: That was you guys?! You sick sons of bitches!VIOLENCE ENSUES, VAN IS DESTROYED.



BILL MURRAY: (Wakes up to I’ve Got You Babe playing on alarm clock. Splashes water/beer on his face. Looks outside. Title card reads: Groundhog day)Every day I wake up and I’m still Bill Murray. It’s awesome. EVERYONE: The horror! The horror!BILL MURRAY: (Picks up phone) Get me Wes Anderson. I’ve got an audition to rock.(Slow walks to the Kill Bill music. Uncomfortably long.)UMA THURMAN: FIVE FINGER PALM OF DEATH!BILL MURRAY: Do you know who I am? I’m Bill fucking Murray.UMA THURMAN: (The previous title card is cut through with the sword to reveal: KILL BILL MURRAY)Kill Bill Murray!STEVE ZISSOU (THE LIFE AQUATIC): Is it you or does it smell like rotten fish in here?(Is beaten to death with some aquatic animals)HUNTER S THOMPSON (FEAR AND LOATHING IN LAS VEGAS):We can’t stop here! This is bat country!UMA THURMAN: Hey Hunter, I’ve got a pie of cocaine.(Offer a little cocaine, then pie him in the face with the rest)CARL SPACKLER (CADDYSHACK): In the immortal words of Jean Paul Sartre: Au revoir gopher!(Fences with Uma wielding a golf club, is cut down)ERNIE MCKRACKEN (KINGPIN): (Carrying bowling ball)I’m so secure in my stardom I can make a bowling movie.UMA THURMAN: Hey, remember when we made you guys eat balls?(Beats him to death with a bowling pin)ANYONE: Coke pie! Coke pie!DR. VINKMAN (GHOSTBUSTERS): Oh no a ghost!GHOST: I am the ghost of the Nuge! This man has no dick!DR. VINKMAN: Remember when we ate balls together?GHOST: (Slimes him using plastic bag full of whipped cream dyed with green dye)ANYONE: Coke pie! Coke pie!GARFIELD: I hate Mondays. And now, Wednesdays.UMA THURMAN: (Runs him over with a lawnmower)EVERYONE: Apocalips COKE PIE!(Flour on everyone in crowd esp. The Murrays)


Open on three nerds (taped glasses, pocket protectors if we can get ‘em). One of these is KEVIN. All characters drink Mountain Dew throughout.ZACH: Hey Kevin, Emory, check out this flier I found! Dungeon party! I bet we can play D&D all night!EMORY: Guys, this starts in 2 hours, let’s get over there!2 hours later sign. Scene transitions to banging club music. Outside, there is a NAUGHTY NURSE. NERDS are dressed in medieval garb.NURSE: Hello boys. Mmm, that’s a big… sword you have there. You’ll be just right, join our dungeon party.ZACH: By Gandalf’s grey merkin! We’re playing D&D with girls!EMORY: I haven’t been this excited since that plane full of inflatable sex dolls crashed into my house!KEVIN: Why do these things happen only to you?ZACH: Kevin, don’t ask questions, just go inside.NURSE: Yeah, come inside boys!NERDS stair walk, row, and take the elevator behind the table.KEVIN: I guess I’ll take the stairs.ZACH: I’m getting in the boat.EMORY: You guys are idiots, I’m taking the elevator.Props appear to indicate that we are now inside the club. Torches, hanging BDSM things. Painted sheet to look like cobblestone background. Music is louder now. Nerds are approached by the DUNGEON MASTER who is wearing as much BDSM garb as we can find. He is in the middle of some kinky act, which he ceases to address the NERDS.MASTER: HALT, WORMS! WHO DARES ENTER MY SEPULCHRE OF PHALLIC HORRORS!ZACH: Holy shit, they’re really into this.EMORY: Uh, it is I! Mongolian Beef, level 5 Wizard! And I cast MAGIC MISSILES.EMORY waves his arms.KEVIN: And you take 1d4+1 force damage, so…MASTER: NO! YOU TAKE THIS FLOGGING, BITCH!NURSES begin whipping all the NERDS.ZACH: Ow! This isn’t LARP! I can’t LARP!EMORY: Why? You’re clerics, you’re supposed to heal us! Why?KEVIN: Oh God, here, take my lunch money, I’ll eat grass again, just let me be!MASTER: (to the audience) SOMEHOW I FEEL AS THOUGH THEY HAVE BEEN MISLED INTO THIS REALM OF SUFFERING. (to the NERDS) RISE, AND OBEY MY NEW DIRECTIVE. YOU WILL NOW BATTLE ADVERSARIES SO BEAUTIFUL AND TERRIBLE THAT YOU WILL SURELY FAIL. AND WHEN YOU DO, YOU WILL REMOVE YOUR GARMENTS.KEVIN: Wait, wait are we getting naked? Please tell me we’re getting naked.MASTER: YOU WILL NOT REVEAL YOURSELF UNTIL INSTRUCTED.ZACH: Strip D&D! Fuck yeah!MASTER: SILENCE! CHUN LI! ROUND 1! FIGHT!CHUN-LI enters, doing high kicks and stuff.EMORY: Fireball! (Uses Bill’s fireball shooter)CHUN-LI is not affected, because that thing does no damage. She kicks him in the stomach.MASTER: CHUN-LI WINS! DISROBE, YOU SCABEROUS ANAL BOIL. DID I SAY YOU KEVIN? NO I DID NOT.EMORY gets naked.EMORY: (Hits inhaler)KEVIN: My turn. I’m next.MASTER: I WILL FILL THAT INSOLENT MOUTH WITH UNSPEAKABLE FLUIDS. YOU! (points to ZACH) PREPARE YOURSELF! STARMAN, ATTACK!STARMAN enters.STARMAN: I don’t know who I am and neither does the audience, probably!ZACH: Easy. I swing my broadsword!STARMAN: For all you know, I’m invulnerable to that! Hi-yaa! (Body-slams ZACH)MASTER: A WINNER IS YOU, STARMAN! TAKE IT OFF, YOU BLOODLESS, CUM-DRINKING, DWARF-FUCKER. KEVIN, I WILL TURN THIS TAUNT AROUND IF YOU DON’T CUT THAT SHIT OUT.ZACH gets naked.KEVIN: Oh thank God.MASTER: KEN! DESTROY THIS EXHIBITIONIST TAINT-MONGER.Ken enters.KEVIN: I surrender! (starts getting naked)KEN: I am moved to tears by your pacifism. I commit Hara-Kiri.Ken stabs himself.KEVIN: What? No!MASTER: KEVIN IS THE WINNER! ALL HAIL KEVIN, THE FULLY CLOTHED!EVERYONE: All hail Kevin, the fully clothed!KEVIN: No! It’s not right! It’s not—I was supposed to be naked!MASTER: YOUR SUFFERING AMUSES ME. KEVIN IS THIS WHAT YOU WANT? DO YOU FEEL AS IF THERE IS UNFINISHED BUSINESS?KEVIN: Yes! Finish me!MASTER: VERY WELL. BEHOLD THE POWER OF TRUE MAGIC MISSILES! NURSES, FINISH HIM! (Nurses are gloving up).Nurses employ some sort of vaginal bombardment (blood/tampons?) while shouting “MAGIC MISSILES” repeatedly.KEVIN: Oh no! My open wounds!ENDNARRATOR:Rub a dub dubThree men in a tubWho do you think they be?The hipster, the hipsterAnd then another hipsterPlus a robot all sailing to sea.Three men and a robot walking towards first base lathering each other up in a boat. They are stopped by a SALESPERSON.SALESPERSON: Stay awhile and listen! Many dangers await you on the open sea. A wise traveller would purchase a PowerGlove to stay safe.SCOTTY: We don’t need your PowerGlove! We have the REMEMBERBOT3000! It helps even our booze-addled brains remember even the simplest objects! Like the Platonic solids! REMEMBERBOT, tell me what I REALLY need on this journey!(REMEMBERBOT hands FERGIE a slip of paper)FERGIE: “All we need is love?” Come on! REMEMBERBOT, that’s how I got HIV! Well maybe if I’d remembered to wear a PowerGlove I wouldn’t have! What about our summer product line?(REMEMBERBOT hands ANDY a second slip of paper)FERGIE: That’s better. The Urethra Hydrant! It puts Magic back in your Missile! Oh god Magic’s Johnson got HIV too.SALESPERSON: I don’t see how that will help you.MATT: Too soon? It’s been 20 years and he’s still alive.SCOTTY: But it turns a young man’s diet squirt into Black Ice!CAR CRASH HAPPENS. DRIVER HONKS AND TURNS ON EMERGENCY FLASHERS. VERY IMPORTANT: ALL MEMBERS OF 1-UP MUST ENFORCE THE CROWD SO THAT EMERGENCY SERVICES ARE NOT CALLED. FIND ANYONE WITH A PHONE OUT AND SHUT IT DOWN. Andy gets hit by car. Collapses in road, spits up blood. MATT and SALESPERSON bring everyone over.JOE carries provides support to ANDY and they walk towards the audience. When things look particularly bad, JOE and ANDY pull out scripts.ANDY: (Coughing up blood) Have you ever been hit by a car? I know I have. Do you have a DUI? I know some of you do.JOE: And some of you have restraining orders.ANDY: And if you were that guy that just hit me, you could be on the hook for hundreds of thousands of dollars in medical bills.JOE: And is that fair? Promoterboat probably thinks they can provide acceptable legal services.ANDY: But they can’t. They can’t provide any services. Or play kickball.JOE: We also provide taunt planning services.ANDY: Is your taunt a mess?JOE: Do you feel like you’re doing the same taunt over and over again?ANDY: You need professionals. Call the offices of 1-UP yours today.JOE: You can’t go back in time every week.ANDY: Or hire a marching band again.JOE: And now getting hit by a car is played out as well.ANDY: We got your taunts right here, assholes. Taunts for every occasion. Weddings, anniversaries, funerals…JOE: So the next time you need legal representation…ANDY: Or help with your next big taunt…JOE: Please. Think of your family. And think of us.ANDY: Stick one up theirs with 1-UP Yours.(ONE! UP YOURS!)Chicken sits in chair just lounging when there is a knock at the doorSOUND EFX:	KNOCK, KNOCKSOUND EFX:	JAWS SOUNDCHICKEN: 	BwaaaaaaaaK?SHARK: 		(From behind tent spoken through Blockrocker) mumble nameCHICKEN: 	BwaaaaaaaaK?SHARK: 		Plumber ma’am.CHICKEN: 	BwaaaaaaaaK? (shakes head) bwak, bwak, bwak, bwak.SHARK: 		CandygramCHICKEN: 	BwaaaK! (gets excited and answers the door) bwak, bwak, bwak, bwak.SHARK JUMPS OUT GRABS CHICKEN AND DRAGS HER BACK STAGE, CHICKEN:	CHICKEN SCREAMSFORENSIC SCIENTIST AND COP WALK OUT FROM OPPOSITE SIDE OF TENT LOOKING AT PHOTOSSCIENTIST 1:	OH my God! Well you can’t tell me that chicken died from falling out of a tree.COP:		What is it?SCIENTIST 1:	Sharknado, cleverist weather element of them all.COP:		Oh my god.BOTH WALK OFF STAGE, PIGEON WALKS ONSTAGE SITS IN CHAIR 
SOUND EFX:	DING, DONGSOUND EFX:	JAWS SOUNDPIGEON: 	BwaaaaaaaaK?SHARK: 		(From behind tent spoken through Blockrocker) mumble namePIGEON: 	BwaaaaaaaaK?SHARK: 		Flowers ma’am.PIGEON: 	BwaaaaaaaaK? (shakes head) bwak, bwak, bwak, bwak.SHARK: 		PizzaPIGEON:	You can’t fool me, you’re that clever sharknado.SHARK:		I’m only a dolphin ma’am.PIGEON: 	(raises shoulders and answers door) bwak, bwak, bwak, bwak.SHARK JUMPS OUT GRABS CHICKEN AND DRAGS HER BACK STAGE, PIGEON:	PIGEON SCREAMSFORENSIC SCIENTIST AND COP WALK OUT FROM OPPOSITE SIDE OF TENT LOOKING INTO A GROCERY BAG.SCIENTIST 1:	OH my God! COP:		What is it?SCIENTIST 1:	Egg salad againSCIENTIST AND COP GRAB SANDWICHES FROM BAG START EATING AND WALK BACKSTAGE ENTER RAVEN, SITS IN CHAIRANNOUNCER APPEARS FROM SIDE OF TENTANNOUNCER:	Considered the cleverist of all weather elements the Sharknado is capable of disguising 		its voice and seems to be attacking what could be considered probably fowl birds. Stay 		in your homes and don’t answer the door.SOUND EFX:	DING, DONGRAVEN: 	kaw, kaw, kaw?SHARK:		SharknadoRAVEN LAUGHS, SHAKES HEAD AND ANSWERS THE DOOR.SHARK EATS RAVENENTER CAPTAIN PICARD AND CREW MEMBERSPICARD:	Well, it looks like the Sharknado that we set loose on Freemont did it’s job. All those 		pesky little birds from Probably Fowl Play are dead. Only one way to celebrate now. 		Chicken Dance!SOUND:	CHICKEN DANCE CREW MEMBERS DO CHICKEN DANCE FROM ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT.https://youtu.be/1TphEh0Qgv0END SCENE**all the old taunting on the fieldit goes on too long don’t you knowthey think too slow(oh way oh)it turns out that your mom is a ‘howe win our taunts on song and danceand have the cutest dog on the fieldyou can play kickball(oh way oh)can you do anything else at allyou write for a collectible card game(way oh way oh way oh way ohhh)taunt like an Egyptian(breakdown, enter pyramid pasties for second verse?)(so during this breakdown, we could possibly make up an amazing chorus dance for everyone?!?)team isis said in reverseis “sissy meat”have you thought of thatthink you’ve got us beat(oh way oh)but bad guys lost their game to ball streetLast week we saw your taunting skillsJust kidding HA those were Eric's Balls (this is when whoever plays Eric comes out with a homemade diaper and is willing to drop trow in front of everyone?)                                                                                                                                                                                         What's up with that?(oh way oh)It still doesn't beat all our sexy cats (this is when the girls/guys come out with pasties or bathing suits or whatever and then join our dance. I have a large size keyboard we can use for this taunt, btw) way to find one guy that could write taunts(way oh way oh way oh way ohhh)taunt like an Egyptian (SCENE OPENS: We find ourselves backstage at the WKL half-time show, Ballshankers are placing huge props in positions, the Spirit of 70 Kicks kids are directing the action. There are dressing rooms stage right, the back of the theater center, and craft services etc stage left. There is a whirlwind of action going on. Cases being moved stage left and stage right, large props being put into place etc.)[SECURITY GUARD PIRATES, obviously drunk, stage left]MERMAID:	Sooooo, a blumpkin is what now?PIRATE:	It’s when a guy is getting a blowie from a girl while taking a deuce. MERMAID:	So what’s it called when a girl is taking the number 2? Is that a reverse blumpkin?PIRATE:	No, that’s blumpalingus. A reverse blumpkin is when the one taking the shit is going down on the other one.MERMAID:	Matey, that’s disgusting! What kind of sick pervert would even think about something like that, let alone write it into a taunt? PIRATE (staring at the audience):	Only the most depraved motherfucker in the entire league.[Enter through curtains: TRICIA with TWO BALLSHANKERS (BABY KYLE and TARA), TINA, and DANNY STORIES (DANNY and TINA have clipboards and headsets).TRICIA: 	Security! What is the story here?!? I was told there’d be pirates, mermaids, AND seamen.PIRATE:	Semen is coming soon, baby.[PIRATE and MERMAID walk off and enter dressing room]TRICIA:	No! NO! NO Ballshankers! The Golden Shower goes INSIDE the watersports pool. The slip and slide needs to feed OUT OF the pool! Strike ONE ball shank! Prison labor just ain’t what it used to be, am I right? Okay everyone, come together, and yes I am aware that is what she said. It’s 10 minutes until DIVAs take the stage for the WKL half-time show. I want you all to be professional, happy, and perfect. I expect nothing less. DANNY STORIES!DANNY: 	Yes Tricia, my dear?TRICIA: 	Headset please. (DANNY hands TRICIA her headset.) PLACES, LET’S DO THIS PEOPLE![Enter ANDY WHOREBALLS with a gaggle of DIVAS, ANDY is taking pictures of the DIVAS]ANDY: 	Oh, fabulous, beautiful, make love to my lens.TRICIA: 	Mr. Whoreballs, I believe we are ready for you.[ANDY and DIVAS look through curtains to look at stage.]ANDY: 	No, no no no no no no. This is all wrong.MADONNA:	Yeah, where is my giant golden pyramid made of beer cans?TRICIA: 	Uh, we never spoke about a pyramid...LEMMY: 	Where is my skull that shoots snakes out of the eyes, and the snakes that shoot lasers out of THEIR eyes?TRICIA: 	Skull what?ANDY: 	Yeah, and where is LADY GAGA? What the Hell TRICIA? I hired you because you are the most competent person in the whole freaking league, and you screw all this up?TRICIA: 	Mr. Whoreballs, I swear we never spoke about any of this.ANDY: 	You didn’t get the email? That other script was garbage, so I wrote my magnum opus at 3am last night. Here’s the new script.. [One of the DIVAS hands TRICIA a stack of papers. GAGA enters and examines the craft services table.]LADY GAGA: 	ANDY, We have a huge problem.ANDY: 	What is it my muse?GAGA: 	I FOUND A GODDAMN GREEN M&M IN THE M&M BOWL! You know how green M&Ms killed my mother!MADONNA:	That’s it! I can’t work under these conditions![All the DIVAs freak out and go to their dressing room, during this move LADY GAGA walks center stage to yell at TRICIA and gets lifted in the air by mischievous GNOMES. Tricia is busy with the script and doesn’t see Gaga coming toward her.]GAGA:	Seriously, this is completely unacceptable. Do you hear me? I mean, I am a fucking professional and I expect this fucking crew to be fucking fabulous. Why, when I was coming up in this business...[GAGA is getting hoisted up and not really noticing but still just bitching and carrying on. No one notices]ANDY: 	Well shit, TRICIA. You better figure this out. I’m going to use this time to get the rest of my awkward minutes in. I mean, when else am I going to have the entire WKL in one place? I still have like half the league to get through. (starts filming the audience)TRICIA: 	Ok, Christ. (looking at the taunt) Baby Kyle, Tara,, get over here. We’re going to have to completely rebuild everything.BABY KYLE: 	I’m not the baby anymore, Tricia. I am Big Boy Kyle and I hate doing taunts, taunts are the worst. We even threw our last taunt to avoid this bullshit.TARA:	We have to Baby..er..uh...Big Boy Kyle. Do you want to go back in the hole?BABY KYLE: 	I want to get back in your-TRICIA: 	NO! Just get back to work. DANNY STORIES, I need you two to go out there and entertain the crowd for like 5 minutes. We need to buy some time so we can fluff the Divas and get them ready to perform.DANNY: 	Sure thing T-Money. How about we sing a song, like I Wanna Fuck the French All Night?TRICIA: 	No, no more old throwback jokes, Tina has decided they’re lame. Do something from this year.DANNY: 	Yeah, but we didn’t write ANY memorable songs this year.TRICIA: 	I DON’T CARE. Just get your skinny ass out there and kill some time.GAGA:	I could sing Paparazzi! (no one hears her)(Enter Nerd Alerter, ISAAC, along with TINA, holding the laser, giant nerf or water gun with ribbons attached)ISAAC	TRICIA! TRICIA, I have the solution to all your problems. Laaaaaaaaaasers!TRICIA: 	Lasers? Guys, this is a daytime show, you can’t see lasers out there!ISAAC: 	Don’t worry. I’m an expert. You see, we use ultra violet light that passes through a quartz crystal with 1.21 gigawatts of luminescent colorful light. Watch!(ISSAC points laser at crowd. Three or four ribbons of extreme length (100ft) are shot over the crowd.)TINA: 	Holy Revolutionary War! That’s amazing! But how...ISAAC: 	Shh. (Puts finger on TINA’S mouth) I’m mansplaining.  So the first laser was built in 1960 by Theodore H. Maiman and was based on theoretical work by--TINA: 	Talk NERDY to ME! I wanna put that tongue to good use.(TINA drags ISAAC offstage. Laser is left on stage to cause unexpected mayhem in the future)TRICIA: 	OK folks, [checks watch] 4 minutes until DIVAs are on! DANNY:	Tricia I’m getting killed out here. I need some help.TRICIA:	FUCK! We need something really dreamy to bewitch the crowd and keep them pacified.ANTHONY:	Did someone say... dreamy? 	[SOUND CUE “PONY” by GINUWINE. ENTER ZACH and ANTHONY, who start doing strip routine]ZACH:	We’re an stripper improv troupe. I call it… Strip-prov! ANDY:				Show me your tumescent phallus!ZACH: 				My what?ANDY:				Your engorged member.ANTHONY:			Come again?ANDY:				Your wang! Show me your wang!ANTHONY:	Gladly![Anthony rips off pants and reveals a eggplant in a strap-on and gets all up on Tricia.]TRICIA:	This dream is turning into a nightmare!ZACH:	Yes, aaaaaaand… TRICIA:	Whatever. I’ll take what I can get. Get out there and wow that crowd.[Zach leaves eggplant on craft services table as the Dreamers go on stage]ANDY:	Tricia, darling, I need to speak to Gaga about the third act. Have you seen her?GAGA: 	Guys, I am right here! (no one hears her)TRICIA: 	No I haven’t seen her. (Tricia exits offstage, looking for Gaga)ANDY: 	Gee Willikers, we have a real mystery on our hands. We need a private dick to solve this caper.[Enter DON and KENA]KENA:	Did someone say mystery?DON: 	Did someone say dick?ANDY:	Are you detectives?DON: 	No, we’re the DON-tectives. Get it?EVERYONE:	Doooon-DON-DON-DON! (Dragnet first measure)ANDY:	We don’t have time for terrible jokes, I need you to find Lady Gaga, stat!GAGA:	Hey, seriously cats, I’m right up here you’re like staring right at my junk. [Only Kena hears her]KENA:	There she is!DON:	Hush Kena! I need to think and gather some clues…. [DON starts looking around the set for clues Kena follows shaking her head, both exit stage. Dreamers come backstage after their performance, exit offstage]DANNY:	Well, that was...one awkward minute....we need another act to keep the crowd entertained. Send me more talent! [EMO enter wearing happy face emoji masks]EMO 1:	Mr. Whoreballs, I know we’ve been trying to get it together all season but I swear, we got a real, super-original song to share with you!ANDY:	OK, you’ve got 30 seconds to impress me and it better not be awkward.ALL EMOS:	Everybody hurts…. All the time.. Everybody (Sung to REM)ANDY:	-Cut! Shut it down. This is the final taunt-down. [GNOMES hum “THE FINAL COUNTDOWN” for a second.] The show must be uplifting, amusing, transcendent, an ode to the triumphs of humanity! None of that wack-ass depressing shit on my stage. 	Emojis, please see yourself out. Thanks guys, but try again next year. You’ll get it eventually.[EMOS melt into slugs saying SLUUUUUGGGGGGGGG][Enter DINO on stage and DINO HANDLER. TRICIA re-enters from different dressing room, ANDY goes back to filming one awkward minutes in crowd]TRICIA:	I’ve looked everywhere and still can’t find Gaga. She’s gone! Just like Hastings right nut.GAGA:	Still dangling up here. Shrug emoji. (no one hears her)[GAGA is handed the “Hastings Disclaimer Sign” BALLSHANKERS come on stage pushing road case and see the laser gun.]DINO HANDLER:	What’s up boss? Where you want this Dino? TRICIA:	What do we want with dinos? They’re dangerous and just get less funny every year.DINO HANDLER:	But everyone loves dinos!TRICIA:	It’s fine, just make sure we don’t have a Jurassicly bad situation.DINO HANDLER: 	Sure thing, boss! Dinos are great, as long as you keep an eye on them.[TRICIA exits. BALLSHANKER picks up laser gun and accidentally shoots Dino Handler in the eye. BALLSHANKERS get scared and run off stage.] DINO HANDLER:		Oh no! I’m blind! [Dino Handler drops DINO leash. Puts on sunglasses, catches cane that a Ballshanker throws, walks off.  DINO makes his way to craft services table and starts getting snacky.]GAGA:				Well, that was a sobering moment.[GNOMES peek their heads out of the road cases and find GAGA and get her high with the bong.]GNOMES:	HEHEHEHEHE!!!![GNOMES get GAGA high with the giant bong.] 			GNOMES:			HA HA HA TOKER FACE, HA HA TOKER FACE!!!! [sung to the tune of Poker Face] [TRICIA comes backstage from a dressing room][Enter DON-TECTIVE and KENA]TRICIA: 	It’s almost showtime. Dontectives, WHERE THE FUCK IS GAGA!!!!???GAGA:	I’m high above you!!!DON-TECTIVE:	Searching up and down, but still no leads.[Exit DON-TECTIVE with KENA pointing directly at GAGA and shaking her head]TRICIA:	Where the hell is GAGA?!?!? Gnomes, shouldn’t you be doing something?GNOMES:	We are just getting baked and having a good time.GNOME 1:	Then we’re going to get shit housed and drive gnome!GNOME 2:	No, we’re not going drive gnome, we’re going to use Gnom-er, it’s a rideshare app that is also the last possible gnome pun! We did it gnomes, we went through all the gnome puns! Every single one!TRICIA:	SECURITY!GNOME 1:	Cheese it guys, it’s the fuzz!  (EXIT GNOMES)TRICIA:	Alright Crew, everyone get back here [All characters stay or come back on stage, except Danny and Gnomes - need Dontective, Kena, Dino Handler, all Divas]. I have had just about enough. We need to pull our shit together, find Lady Gaga, and nail this half-time show. It’s time for us to all be consummate professionals.[PMS sex sounds interrupt Tricia’s speech, kicking off the Rube Goldberg effect.]RUBE GOLDBERG ORDER OF FUCKERY:1. In the middle of Tricia’s speech, sex sounds interrupt. wall/doors falls down revealing PMS sex2. Tricia backs up, trips over Emoji slug on floor, accidentally pulling down the curtain3. Danny runs in and accidentally stomps on Dino’s tail3a. Gnome pops back onstage and pies Tricia3b. Throw a drink in someones face or spit take4. Dino reacts flips table5. Finally, now that all the set is ruined, now Dontective can finally see GAGA!DON-TECTIVE:	Ah-ha! I found her. There she is! KENA:	(sarcastically) Your Dontective skills are as sharp as ever. TRICIA:	This is a complete shit show. Good luck with your disaster DIVAs![Tricia throws down the script and walks off]ANDY:	Disaster is our element, DIVAS, MOUNT UP! Do you want to know my artistic vision? The shit show is my vision. Do you want to know what D.I.V.A. stands for? So do I! Our set is destroyed, but that is OK because the show must go on, for these beautiful people (points with both hands to the real audience). This season has been a beautiful shit show, and it’s thanks to all of you.[DIVAS enter. All DIVAS go on stage do song and dance number.]ANDY:	Hit it Divas! ...One, two, three, four!DIVAS:	Young man, there's no need to feel down.I said, woman, pick yourself off the ground.I said, young man, 'cause you're in a new townThere's no need to be unhappy.Woman, there's a league you can join.I said, young men, we'll aim jokes at your groin.You can play there, and I'm sure you will findMany ways to have a good time.Double-U-K-L It’s fun to play in the Double-U-K-L You can write the best jokesYou can take all the tokesYou can get drunk at every gameIt's fun to play in the Double-U-K-L...[Divas walk off, except gaga, obviously]GAGA:	Ok, taunts over, can you get me down?FINOpen on a class taught by SCORPION. Chalkboard says “History.”SCORPION: Good morning freshmen, and welcome to History 101. Timmy why the fuck are you dressed as a Roman? Why are you all dressed as Romans?TIMMY: We have a kickball game today!JIMBO: Our kickballs will blot out the sun!SCORPION: Then 1-Up Yours will catch fly balls in the shade. And that is an explicit reference to the Battle of Thermopylae between Sparta and the Persians, so again, why are you dressed as Roman senators?TIMMY: This! Is! Kickball! We’re mighty warriors who also have all kinds of gay sex!SCORPION: CHILDREN! I don’t know where you heard that, but let me assure you: that joke is a product of some lazy, drunken writing. I’d rather watch all of Michael Bay’s films in a row than hear another gay kickball joke.JIMBO: We take orders from our Emperor, Penicus Maximus!SCORPION: Jimbo, go outside and eat paint chips until you’re too dumb to talk. As you all know, This Is Kickball is a parody of Spartan society. The Spartans had no empire! They were a militaristic civilization led by two kings who were advised by a body of elders. And have you ever seen Greek and Roman sculpture? The men of This Is Kickball are obviously equipped for battle but not for the bedroom.TIMMY: Not for the bedroom? But check out this sweet toga.SCORPION: (Getting frustrated) Yet again, you’re thinking of the Roman Empire you inbred fucks. The Greeks were attired primarily in a garment known as the chiton. Christ. (Lights cigarette)JIMBO: Hey, Mr. SCORPION, you’re not allowed to smoke in here!SCORPION: Well you’re not allowed to shit yourself in here, but that didn’t stop you last week, now did it? The reality is, the Spartans invented a game called sphairomachia. Literally translated, this means “ball battle” and according to Pausanias, it was nothing like kickball. In fact, the Spartans themselves lost their athletic dominance in the 6th century BCE, when…(GREEK CHORUS enters, wearing togas, probably. In the background, SCORPION is giving a tremendously animated but silent explanation of Greek history, complete with writing various words on the chalkboard, maybe drawing penises also.)PHYSICAL COMEDY OUTLINEUnfurl map. Circle Greece. Circle Rome. Draw arrows and write “Rome” and “Greece.” Timeline of Greek/Roman things.CHORUS—I’m the Greek chorus, a dramatic toolHere to distract you from this scene in a schoolThey’ve told us much that is perplexingWhen all we sought were tales of sexingBut they’ve forgotten what people want in a skitCunts, taints, buttsex, and that sort of shitPerhaps there’s still time to avoid overthinkingBy adding a scene predicated on drinkingSo now we’ll observe as a plumber we loveDrinks all the liquor we’re capable ofSCORPION: (coming back from silence) …institutionalized pederasty, which was arguably a cohesive force in this society, so you see—(MARIO enters)MARIO: This Is Kickball! I challenge you to a boat race. Down the river Styx! Everyone, put coins on your eyes!(Boat race ensues. Two boats, one for This Is Kickball, one for us. Only our boat moves. “Come Sail Away” plays. We win the boat race.)MARIO: To the Elysian fields! One! (Up Yours!)Yakety Sax NARRATOR: It was the roaring 1920s and the liquor apocalypse had descended across the land. The puritanical forces of anti-fun had pushed through their diabolical act known as "prohibition," barring the sale of any and all alcoholic beverages, and also PBR. As society rapidly collapsed from the pangs of delerium tremens, it was clear that only one kickball team would benefit from the alcopocalypse: Capowned, run by Sam Ali Capone and Tony "Headlock" Monaco, which flooded the streets of Seattle with the shittiest liquor they could provide. Livers and vision failed across the city from their deadly mix of rail gin and methanol while they sat back and raked in the cash... until two women got their revenge.CHORUS: Taunt. Bunt. Kick. Uh Oh. Alcohol. Pop fly.LADIES: The end is comingThe end is comingAnd prohibition is to blameHow will I think now? Without my drink now?You know that kickball won’t be the same.KICKThere was this guy. His name was Sam Ali Capowned. After the game on Thursday he asked, “Hey sweets you wanna get a little moonshine with me?” So I says, “Oh my, that’s against the law, Al Capone, or Ali Caponwed, I mean.” Well obviously, that upset me. I’m a law-abiding woman. So I set his penitent ass on fire.LADIES: The end is comingThe end is comingAnd prohibition is to blameHow will I think now? Without my drink now?You know that kickball won’t be the same.TAUNTI knew a guy named Tony “Small Features” Monaco. I was drinking at the 9 Mil and he bought me a drink. I said “I was just a small town girl”. One thing led to another, and soon, we were in the bathroom, and things were getting real hot and heavy. But then he wrapped his hands around my neck and said, “Don’t stop believing!” So I drowned him in a urinal. And then, inexplicably, the zombies came.EVERYONE: We’ll drink some Rum rum rum rum rum!We’ll drink some Rum rum rum rum rum!ZOMBIESBRAINS! ZOMBIE LADIES: The end is comingThe end is comingI’d like to eat all of your brainsThe frontal cortexThe cerebellumIt turns out that it all tastes the same!BILL: Oh shit kids. You just got… APOCAPOWNED! (FIREWORKS)Dig if you will the pictureOf you and I engaged in a kissThe sweat of your body covers meCan you my darlingCan you picture this?Dream if you can a courtyardAn ocean of violets in bloomAnimals strike curious posesThey feel the heatThe heat between me and youHow can you just leave me standing?Alone in a world that's so cold? (So cold)Maybe I'm just too demandingMaybe I'm just like my father too boldMaybe you're just like my motherShe's never satisfied (She's never satisfied)Why do we scream at each other?This is what it sounds like When doves cryTouch if you will my stomachFeel how it trembles insideYou've got the butterflies all tied upDon't make me chase youEven doves have prideHow can you just leave me standing?Alone in a world so cold? (World so cold)Maybe I'm just too demandingMaybe I'm just like my father too boldMaybe you're just like my motherShe's never satisfied (She's never satisfied)Why do we scream at each other?This is what it sounds like When doves cryHow can you just leave me standing?Alone in a world that's so cold? (A world that's so cold)Maybe I'm just too demanding (Maybe, maybe I'm like my father)Maybe I'm just like my father too bold (Ya know he's too bold)Maybe you're just like my mother (Maybe you're just like my mother)She's never satisfied (She's never, never satisfied)Why do we scream at each other? (Why do we scream? Why?)This is what it sounds like When doves cryWhen doves cry (Doves cry, doves cry)When doves cry (Doves cry, doves cry)Don't Cry (Don't Cry)When doves cry When doves cry When doves cry When Doves cry (Doves cry, doves cry, doves cry)Don't cryDarling don't cryDon't cryDon't cry(SCENE opens with fergie onstage, sitting cross legged, sobbing. Scottie and Vanessa enter.)
SCOTTIE:	Hey there Fergy, what’s wrong?
FERGIE (sobbing):	Our team is terrible at kickball, we haven’t won a single game this year. And now Isaac says we can’t be in the taunt finals unless we win at least one game.
VANESSA:	Oh little buddy, that is really tough. We were in the same boat… until we went to the upside down and learned the secrets of kickball greatness.
FERGIE (concerned):	You what?
SCOTTIE:	Yeah, we found the God of Kickball and he taught us how to both kick and catch balls.
VANESSA:	That’s right, we’re going to kick your ass today. It’s going to be like 99 to 0.
FERGIE:	Nooooooooooo! How can we get to the upside down?
SCOTTIE (leaving):	It’s easy, just do an upside downward dog pose.
(Rangers exit. Other gods enter)
FERGIE:	Guys, we have to go to the upside down to learn how to actually play kickball!
LEIF:		We’re just desperate enough, let’s do it!
(All gods do an upside downward dog pose and are now in the upside down now)
AGATA:	Wow, it’s so dark and scary here, what’s that sound.
(Callie enters)
ALL GODS:	CALLIE?!
CALLIE:	Oh my god, I’ve been stuck down here since the end of last season. It totally blows.
CYRIL:	You came down here last season to learn how to play kickball?
CALLIE:	Learn how to play kickball? Don’t be stupid. The only reason you come to the upside down is to get eaten by monsters and DIE!
SWETA:	Then why are YOU here?
CALLIE:	Bad tinder date.
ALL GODS:	Ohhhhhh
(Cali exits. Fergie starts sobbing again.)
FERGIE (sobbing):	I’m sorry everyone, I guess I got duped again.
LEIF:		Meh, don’t worry about it. But since we’re all here together we might as well write our Ranger Things taunt. Let’s spitball some ideas.
SWETA:	Okay, how about we have sex on the field?
ALL GODS:	NOOOOOOO!
AGATA:	I got it guys! We do Ranger Manger where the rangers are jesus. That’ll kill.
ALL GODS:	Ughhhhh..
FERGIE:	What if we do Power Ranger Things? With something about the abuse of power?
ALL GODS:	Bleeeech.
CYRIL:	Everyone stop. What is going on with all these horrible ideas?
LEIF:		It’s the upside down, we must be shitty at taunt writing  here.
FERGIE:	Oh my god. What are we going to do? We’re completely out of time to taunt Ranger Things. I mean, we are literally doing it right now.
(Pause)
SWETA:	Well, Agata and I have this taunt AI bot we wrote. 
LEIF:		What?
AGATA:	Yeah, it’s called Deus ex Machina, you just load all your best taunt scripts into it, hit a button, and it spits out a new taunt based on your proven taunt formulas.
CYRIL:	Well at this point we have no choice. Give us a new taunt
(Sweta and Agata work on a computer)
SOUND CUE:	Computer and dot matrix printer sounds.
(Sweta and Agata hand out scripts)
(Someone directs and everyone else acts out the generated script)

Cyril:    	ah, ah! Let’s hear the case about some dorks who have come to harvest your island, just like on the mat
 Agata:    	she’ll stop Callie! That’s time! My other porn
 EVERYONE: 	yeah, but I get really bummed about playing in the club partying,
 Announcer:	Donning their signature tiaras and sashes.
 Fergie: 	I expected an army! What’s the root cause of my uber ride?
 Sweta:  	The whores are alive with the guillotine. Then throw it into a clam! we need our booze, drugs and fun!
Fergie: 	okay, now you spin icon, get out of the fucking rope. Jeeezus you’re getting together. Oh it’s abs one by one. They said something about a serious problem plaguing the galaxy. We all fallen to the boat.
Sweta:    	you hear that?
Leif: 		what, the letter m? For like 3 seconds and see what we did, oh shit, Nelly Furtado, what’s me hear you make bath-time?
Announcer:	[(smoke) takes off one table cloth.]
EVERYONE: 	PENIS!
Rose: 		yeah, ever since the free Cascadian beer wars the replicators can only make triple-hopped black IPA. But how about all of the pirate? Sit down on a beer run. Rear admiral b’ahymen just finished off the last one and we we’re gonna lose commie Scottie
Leif: 		you know, since you gotta be handy with stiletto heels if you miss windows 10 so bad… here’s a dick-tater
EVERYONE: 	[said in slow motion speech] yeahhhh, thaaat’s double mocks flying.
Fergie: 	sex in the league, er, camp. Camp counselor, can you tell me a little bdsm? 
Jonathan:	Now first off, you already have it. So please laugh loud or you will be your guide. He, he, he’s sake.
 Sweta:   	 I’ll stop Scottie! That’s face, it means you’re killing me here (spoiler alert) now, you're a hiller, your favorite song is way too easy
 EVERYONE: 	no, no, no
 Nancy:    	hey guys, the verse and everyone else on stage left, dive right into the pundergnome. Somehow, this is about me
 EVERYONE:    	comedrops on titties and whiskers on pussies,  tight moistened sphincters on warm virgin tushies,  discrete paper packages tied up with a giant sun,  with all dons don, don, don-don!
Jonathan:	And scene
ANNOUNCER:	This taunt has been brought to you by the coding prowess of Agata and Sweta’s taunt writing bot. Yes, they really did program a taunt writing bot.
(FIN)


(SCENE OPENS: Hamish and Fergie enter)
HAMISH:	DaDa, i wanna go kickball and do a taunt!
FERGS:	Sorry Hamish I can’t let you be in our taunt, some people… (cough) Brandon (cough) are still butt-hurt about your amazing dancing skills from our taunt against the Gnomes last year. 
HAMISH:	You’re a bad dad.
FERGS: 	I know.  Here’s some cotton candy, stay here for a bit and watch your cartoons, Daddy’s got god’s work to do.
TRICIA:	YOU DAMMIT FERGS, COTTON CANDY WASN’T IN THE DEAL.
(Fergs puts hamish in front of tv with toys, scene is now the tv show.)
SOUND CUE:	Thundercats Music!
TUG-RAW:	Benghazi! Benghazi! Where is the commander?
BENGHAZI: 	But what about her emails!
TUG-RAW:	Nobody cares about the emails, Benghazi! Where is Lion-O?
LION-O:	Hello? (pause) Is it me you’re looking for?
TUG-RAW:	Lion-O Richie! There you are! We have a real problem:
		BUNGRAA has kidnapped Shart!
LION-O & BENGHAZI:	NOOOOOOOO!!!!!
SOUND CUE:	Lion roar
ANNOUNCER:	Meanwhile at Bungraa’s layer.
BUNGRAA: 	Ha ha haaaaa. It’s me, Bungraa the ever shitting. You little Shart, you’re mine now! And soon the Thundercunts will be too!
SHART: 	Shart Shart, NO they won’t, Bungraa, the Thundercunts will sharting rescue me! Shart. Wait, shouldn’t you be Gnomera, with all the gnome puns shart shart.
BUNGRAA: 	No, no, no, this is a NEW Luke taunt, it’s all dick and fart jokes this season. Anyway, nothing’s going to stop me from turning you into a gnome!
SHART: 	Shart Gnome, gnome, gnooooome! I’m a thunder cunt, shart, I’ll always be a thundercunt.
BUNGRAA:	I know, no gnome, mercy too!
SOUND CUE:	Lion roar
ANNOUNCER:	Back at the Thundercunts home base.
LION-O: 	Tug-Raw, Benghazi, we’re going to need Pantera’s help to rescue Shart. Have you seen him? (yelling) PANTERA!
Sound Cue:	Pantera Intro 
PANTERA (singing):	You rang sir?
LION-O:	Pantara, the other cunts and I need your help to rescue Shart!
PANTERA (singing): 	Let’s rock n’ roll!
SOUND CUE:	Lion roar
ANNOUNCER:	Once again back to Bungraa’s layer
BUNGRAA:	Now that you’re a gnome, you’re going to stay that way, FOREVER! Bungraaaaaaaahahaha!
SHART:	Oh the gnome-manity I don’t WANT to be a sharting gnome! I’m a cunt, I’m a sharting cunt, I’m a thunder-sharting  cunt HOOOOOO!
SOUND CUE:	Lion roar
ANNOUNCER:	Hours Later, as the Thundercunts travel to Bungraa’s layer
TUG-RAW:	Are we there yet Lion-O Richie?
LION-O:	Not far now, Tug-Raw.
TUG-RAW:	Are we there yet Lion-O Richie?
LION-O (annoyed):	NOT. FAR. NOW, Tug-Raw.
TUG-RAW:	Are we there yet Lion-O Richie? Is this going to take all night long?
LION-O (annoyed):	YES! we’re finally freakin’ here! No, it shouldn’t take all night long. Look, there’s Bungraa and shart.
SHART:	SHART! Save Shart before I shart myself.
BUNGRAA:	You’ll never defeat the great gaping Bungraa.
LION-O:	I will when I use my ancient sword of wo-mens to give your brown eye the pink eye for the dead guy.
(At each “Thunder” a stage hand upgrades Lion-O’s sword)
EVERYONE:	THUNDER THUNDER THUNDER CUNTS HOOOOOO!
Sound Cue:	Thundercats Fight Scene
TUG-RAW:	Wow, that’s a BIG ASS sword.
(:15 second.  fight scene ending with Lion-O pokes Bungraa in his butt with the sword, he reals over in pain and dies in agony.)
BUNGRAA:	NO! You found my achilles anus.
LION-O:	That’s right Bungraa, we always knew your ass was weak!
(Thundercunts all celebrate and hug Shart.)
SOUND CUE:	Lion roar
PSA at end
LION-O:	Remember gnomes, sometimes the world gets you down and there’s some real haters out there trying to make you hide your true self.  We want to make sure you get the chance to be what you really wanted this season. So today we’d like to finally bestow upon you the title and honor of being the Thundercunts. That’s why we’ve made you this special limited edition Thundercunts ball and your own Thundercunts sign. And of course there’s only one way to celebrate your new Thundercuntery. All. Night. Long! Let’s conga!
SOUND CUE: 	All night long from Lion-o Richie]
(FIN)



Announcer: Previously on what is amazingly only the third least creative team name this year.

(Music cue: soap opera intro from here, plays throughout)

Opening Vignette 1 -  Isaac and Kevin discussing Isaac’s wedding

(Kevin massaging Isaac erotically, whenever he does his massaging he moves up to the ears and puts his dick fingers in.)

Kevin: I can’t believe I’m getting to do this to you and you’re getting married tomorrow. You feel so tight, let me loosen you up.

Isaac: To be honest, Kevin, I don’t know if I can go through with it. I’ve been harboring a deep secret.

Kevin: You’re safe in my arms, you can tell me.

(Isaac pulls Secret Deodorant out of his ass)

Isaac: Oh, I’m so glad that’s out in the open.

Opening Vignette 2 - Dani comes out of coma with Doctor in room.

(Dani waking up in bed [standing up holding white sheet])

Dani: Doctor Jazzy…

Jazzy: That’s DJ Doctor Jazzy to you. I didn’t go ot DJ school for six weeks for nothing.

Dani: Where am I? What happened?

Jazzy: I'm sorry, Ms. Nelson, but you were in a ski accident.

(Kevin enters again, begins massaging Dani)

Kevin: You feel so tight.

(Dani starts relaxing, drops sheet, revealing her knee in a brace)

Dani: My leg, doctor, what happened to my leg?

Jazzy: Actually, your leg was fine, you just bumped your head.

Dani: So what's with the cast?

Jazzy: Well, the medical team weren't actually doctors…

(Sound cue: DUNN-DUNN-DUNN)

Jazzy: They were just able to sneak in because all four were the evil identical twins of real doctors, and they accidentally replaced your ACL with an Achilles tendon from a cadaver. I’m so sorry. (Hangs her head in shame)

(Kevin looks sympathetically at Jazzy and goes to give her a massage)

Dani: So… who am I?

Opening Vignette 3 - Isaac and Tina’s wedding

(Isaac and Tina stand on either side of Koz)

Koz: (Holding bible) Dearly kozloved, we’ve kozled you together today for the kozzing of these two koztacular people, Kozisaac and Koztina.

Off stage: We get it Koz, you’re back in the league.

Koz: That’s right guys, I’m Koz! Okay, let’s get on with this.

(Kevin starts massaging Koz)

Isaac: Tina, I’ve got a deep secret…

Tina: Stop, I already know about that. But I have a real secret. I’m not really Tina (Flips face around to reveal another Isaac) I’m also Isaac! YOU’RE IN LOVE WITH YOURSELF!

(Stage hand holds up “GASP” sign. Everyone GASP. Kevin starts massaging Tina.)

Isaac:  (Sighs. Hands in the air) YES! I've always wanted a doppelbanger.

Announcer: And now, the continuation of SOAP OPERA… seriously, is the name just Soap Opera?

Actual Episode - Dubs and Tim love triangle

(Dubs and Tim spin around, Dubs turns her back to Tim)

Dubs: I can’t believe you dragged me into your torrid love triangle, Tim!

(Kevin starts massaging dubs)

Tim: Baby, every triangle is a love triangle when you love triangles!

(Dubs spins around to face him)

Dubs: Stop being obtuse!

Tim: I was trying to be acute!

(Kevin starts massaging Tim)

Announcer: Next time on soap opera.

Closing Vignette 1 - Dani’s knee is pregnant with the baby of her donor tendon 

Jazzy: Dani, i’ve got good news and i’ve got interesting news

Dani: Give it to me strait Doctor Jazzy.

Jazzy:  Good news is that you’re pregnant.

Dani: Oh no!

Jazzy: interesting news is that the dead person tendon we put in your leg, IS ALSO PREGNANT.

(Reveal Dani’s knee that somehow is pregnant)
(Sound cue: DUNN-DUNN-DUNN)

Closing Vignette 2 - DJ Dr Jazzy and Andrea

Andrea: (Is pregnant) But doctor, I can’t be pregnant! Kevin said I was still a virgin because it was just aural! (points at her ear and over-enunciates AURAL)
 Jazzy: (With Kevin massaging her ears, she is clearly enjoying it) I'm sorry, I can't hear you, I've got Kevin's dick fingers in my ears.

Closing Vignette 3 - Everyone is pregnant

(Everyone turns around and are pregnant)

Everyone: (To each other all at once) IF I CAN’T HAVE YOU, NO ONE CAN!

(Everyone pulls out guns and shoot each other. All collapse.)

(Sound cue: bunch of quick gun shots)

Announcer: Which soap opera players die and who will be the lone one to survive, but end up in a coma for ten years only to finally wake up and then accidentally fall in love with their secret bastard sister? Find out next week on… ugh, terrible name, SOAP OPERA.

FIN 



(Music cue: Queer eye theme song)

Stage hand holds up sign with “God Eye for the Dead Guy.”

The fab four Gods come on one at a time, do a pose, and then a stage hand holding a sign showing their name and expertise. Herpes: Lifestyle, Billy the Kid Icarus: Fashion, Persyphilis: Grooming, Ringo: ??. Exit to the car (bleachers)

Herpes: 	Okay fab four, what is today’s project?

Billy: 	Today we’re going to help The Kicking dead.

Herpes: 	Kicking Dead, who are they?

Persyphilis: 	They’re the fiercest team on the league, they won the sports last year, with the help of subs from every other team.

Herpes: 	Ahem, not every other team.

(Herpes and Billy high five)

Billy: 	That’s right, they have the hearts they just don’t have the numbers. And this year, they’re going for the braaaaaains.

Everyone (while holding out hands like zombies):	BRAAAAAIIIIIINS 

Persyphilis: 	Don’t get me started on their costumes. Eek. They basically completely ignore rule number 8...

EVERYONE: 	FACE KONTROL!

Persyphilis:	Yes, which clearly states: “Your team needs a uniform, and every member should wear it. "Uniform" can be interpreted how you like, but it should be visible.”

Herpes: 	Now Gods, we all know we have areas where we need coaching. I mean, it took me seven years to learn how to catch a ball.

Billy: 	So how many years into that seven are you?

Herpes: 	Hey, you of all gods should know I’ve got great ball play.

Persyphilis: 	Boys, STAHP! We need to focus on the project. I think we’re pulling up to their kickball field now. Here’s the project sponsor, DJ. Shades.

(Fab four get out of the car)

DJ Shades: 	OH, thank us that you are here. As the god of the underworld I really want to love The Kicking Dead. They just make it SO HARD sometimes. Sure they can play kickball, but their costuming and taunt game is hella weak. I want this team in the underworld, but they really should be playing with Underdog.

Herpes: 	Well it sounds like they can really use our help. So let’s get started. I’m Herpes and I head up lifestyle. This is Billy the Kid Icarus, covering fashion. Persyphilis does all our grooming, and of course Ringo Starr, god of rock n’ roll. Let’s start with fashion. Kicking Dead, we’ll need a volunteer.

(Stage hand pulls a Kicking Dead player from the crowd, ideally one who doesn’t have a good costume on)

Billy: 	What is this, shorts and a t-shirt with the sleeves removed. Nothing about this screams zombie, but it sure feels dead. Now it really doesn’t take a lot to jizz up your outfit a little bit.

Ringo: 	I think that’s pronounced tszuj, Billy.

Billy: 	No, no, it’s jizz. I know what I’m talking about. Anyways, I really wanted to outfit the entire team in looks inspired by the show. Just check out this pinterest board I created, you could literally wear almost anything but it just needs a little jizzing. However, since I couldn’t go buying individual outfits for everyone I figured out a way to create a look that each of you can customize or add to. 
	
	First, I start with a pack of white t-shirts, cut off the sleeves and add a little dye. Remember to save your sleeves because those make great accessories. 
	
	Next, we’ll just take a little spray paint and some stencils and add a little jizzing. 

	For the final touch I even designed you a simple logo. I was inspired by the Dead Kennedy’s logo and how they use the spine of the K and the angles of the DK to create a really strong brandmark. I put together the K and the D from these stencils I had lying around. This simple logo even has a little extra meaning. Notice how the legs of the K create an arrow head toward the D? Much like a fast forward button on your tape player. This logo will show everyone that you’re FASHION forward now!
I call it post-apocalyptic urban-camo couture!

DJ Shades: 	Wow, that IS a real transformation.

Billy: 	And we’ve got one for each of you after the taunt!

Herpes: 	Oh, you’ll look positively devilish now

Persyphilis: 	You’ll be going from the friendzone to the end zone in that outfit.

Ringo: 	Mate, I don’t think there is an endzone in kickball.

Persyphilis: 	Do I look like I play sports?

Herpes: 	Great work Billy. Now it’s time for grooming. Persyphilis, you’re up. Who should we work on....

(Stage hand pulls another Kicking Dead from the audience)

Persyphilis: 	What is up with this skin? It is way too moist. You need boils, blood and mud. Get the mud under your eyes for a ghoulish look. Add some blood to tie it together. And if you don’t have time for all that, just take some this acid peel and spray, delay, and scream away (demonstrates on a god?)

Herpes:  	And if all this can’t help you win then you can always fall back on the one nearly foolproof strategy: bribe the judges. Now the bribing your team has done this season is getting better. Ice cream? Well at least it’s a first, but what did it have to do with your taunt? Remember we’re all drunks, who get together to play kickball and do sketch comedy to mask our raging alcoholism. So let’s make a fun, festive and theme appropriate cocktail. Ringo take it away!

(Ringo puts on a bartenders apron and steps up to a table. Pulls supplies out of a box to make cocktail)

Ringo: 	Alright, hello, it’s me, Ringo!  Time to make a snazzy cocktail, to impress your friends!  Since your team is based on a ever worsening AMC show, with an after show hosted by a sex offender, we’re making a zombie! All right!  Now when making a Zombie it’s really important you use exact measurements, now look over here, i just magically have all ready.  You need one ounce light rum, one oz dark rum, one ounce apricot liqueur, two ounces of orange juice and just a dash of bitters.  There you go little buddy. Mix those together in this cute little shaker, strain over ice, and float some 151 rum on the top.  Garnish with a cherry and an orange slice and ta da.  A delish-ish zombie. 

(As Ringo makes the cocktail on a table, stagehands make a huge cooler of zombies behind him)


Herpes: 	Okay Kicking Dead, now you’ve received the God Eye for the Dead Guy complete team makeover, and you look, well, better. Now, I know what you’re all thinking:  “But Herpes, there’s only like four games left this season.” True! But take a page out of the Gnome Bible and just re-use the costumes next year when you become “Fear the Kicking Dead”. Well, that’s all for us. Tune in next week when we help the kids from Bayside High get out of their 90’s look.

(Music cue: Queer eye theme song)




